[['Author on postmodernism, Dominic Strinati, has noted, it is also
important "to include in this category the so-called \'art rock\'
musical innovations and mixing of styles associated with groups like
Talking Heads, and performers like Laurie Anderson, together with the
self-conscious \'reinvention of disco\' by the Pet Shop
Boys".[51]\n'], ["Hybrid Theory by the group was listed in the 2005
edition of the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die, It was
also ranked at #11 on Billboard's Hot 200 Albums of the Decade.[330]
In addition the album was included in Best of 2001 by Record
Collector, The top 150 Albums of the Generation by Rock Sound and 50
Best Rock Albums of the 2000s by Kerrang!. The album Meteora was
included in Top 200 Albums of the Decade by Billboard at No. 36. The
album sold 20 million copies worldwide. The collaborative EP Collision
Course with Jay-Z became the second ever EP to top the Billboard 200,
going on to sell over 300,000 copies in its first week after Alice in
Chains' Jar of Flies in 1994. The album Minutes to Midnight, in the
United States, had the biggest first week sales of 2007 at the time,
with 625,000 albums sold.[331] In Canada, the album sold over 50,000
copies in its first week and debuted at number one on the Canadian
Albums Chart. Worldwide, the album shipped over 3.3 million copies in
its first four weeks of release.[332]\n"], ['The spread of disease was
significantly more rampant in areas of poverty. Epidemics ravaged
cities, particularly children. Plagues were easily spread by lice,
unsanitary drinking water, armies, or by poor sanitation. Children
were hit the hardest because many diseases, such as typhus and
congenital syphilis, target the immune system, leaving young children
without a fighting chance. Children in city dwellings were more
affected by the spread of disease than the children of the
wealthy.[52]\n'], ['Research on the antimalarial drugs
hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine showed that they were ineffective
at best,[496][497] and that they may reduce the antiviral activity of
remdesivir.[498] By May 2020[update], France, Italy, and Belgium had
banned the use of hydroxychloroquine as a COVID 19
treatment.[499]\n'], ['The treatment and management of COVID-19
combines both supportive care, which includes treatment to relieve
symptoms, fluid therapy, oxygen support as needed,[258][259][260] and
a growing list of approved medications. Highly effective vaccines have
reduced mortality related to SARS-CoV-2; however, for those awaiting
vaccination, as well as for the estimated millions of
immunocompromised persons who are unlikely to respond robustly to
vaccination, treatment remains important.[261]  Some people may
experience persistent symptoms or disability after recovery from the
infection, known as long COVID, but there is still limited information
on the best management and rehabilitation for this
condition.[262]\n'], ['Linkin Park began working on new material for a
seventh studio album in November 2015.[187] Chester Bennington
commented on the album\'s direction by stating, "We\'ve got a lot of
great material that I hope challenges our fanbase as well as inspires
them as much as it has us."[188] In February 2017, Linkin Park
released promotional videos on their social network accounts, which
featured Shinoda and Bennington preparing new material for the
album.[189] Mike Shinoda stated the band was following a new process
when producing the album. Brad Delson elaborated: "We\'ve made so many
records and we clearly know how to make a record and we definitely
didn\'t take the easy way out this time."[190]\n'], ['A suitable
environment had developed to question classical scientific doctrine.
The discovery in 1492 of the New World by Christopher Columbus
challenged the classical worldview. The works of Ptolemy (in
geography) and Galen (in medicine) were found to not always match
everyday observations. As the Reformation and Counter-Reformation
clashed, the Northern Renaissance showed a decisive shift in focus
from Aristotelean natural philosophy to chemistry and the biological
sciences (botany, anatomy, and medicine).[73] The willingness to
question previously held truths and search for new answers resulted in
a period of major scientific advancements.\n'], ['In September 2020,
the European Medicines Agency (EMA) endorsed the use of dexamethasone
in adults and adolescents from twelve years of age and weighing at
least 40 kilograms (88\xa0lb) who require supplemental oxygen
therapy.[508][509] Dexamethasone can be taken by mouth or given as an
injection or infusion (drip) into a vein.[508]\n'], ['Meteora earned
the band multiple awards and honors. The band won the MTV awards for
Best Rock Video for "Somewhere I Belong"[48][49] and the Viewer\'s
Choice Award for "Breaking the Habit".[50] Linkin Park also received
significant recognition during the 2004 Radio Music Awards, winning
the Artist of the Year and Song of the Year ("Numb") awards.[51]
Although Meteora was not nearly as successful as Hybrid Theory, it was
the third best selling album in the United States during 2003.[10] The
band spent the first few months of 2004 touring around the world,
first with the third Projekt Revolution tour, and later several
European concerts.[10] At the same time, the band\'s relationship with
Warner Bros. Records was deteriorating rapidly on account of several
trust and financial issues.[52] After months of feuding, the band
finally negotiated a deal in December 2005.[53]\n']]