[['According to scientific reviews smokers are more likely to require
intensive care or die compared to non-smokers.[299][300] Acting on the
same ACE2 pulmonary receptors affected by smoking, air pollution has
been correlated with the disease.[300] Short-term[301] and
chronic[302] exposure to air pollution seems to enhance morbidity and
mortality from COVID 19.[303][304][305] Pre-existing heart and lung
diseases[306] and also obesity, especially in conjunction with fatty
liver disease, contributes to an increased health risk of COVID
19.[300][307][308][309]\n'], ['The demographic decline due to the
plague had economic consequences: the prices of food dropped and land
values declined by 30 40% in most parts of Europe between 1350 and
1400.[51] Landholders faced a great loss, but for ordinary men and
women it was a windfall. The survivors of the plague found not only
that the prices of food were cheaper but also that lands were more
abundant, and many of them inherited property from their dead
relatives.\n'], ['In February 2023, the band started an interactive
game on their website teasing the 20th anniversary of Meteora.[233] On
February 6, they revealed a previously unreleased demo "Lost" that was
formally released on February 10, as the lead single from the reissue
of the album, released on April 7.[234][235] The second single,
"Fighting Myself" was released on March 24.[236]\n'], ['Some observers
have questioned whether the Renaissance was a cultural "advance" from
the Middle Ages, instead seeing it as a period of pessimism and
nostalgia for classical antiquity,[19] while social and economic
historians, especially of the longue dur e, have instead focused on
the continuity between the two eras,[20] which are linked, as Panofsky
observed, "by a thousand ties".[21][d]\n'], ['The vocal interplay
between Chester Bennington and Mike Shinoda plays as a major part
within Linkin Park\'s music, with Bennington being the lead vocalist
and Shinoda as the rapping vocalist. On Linkin Park\'s third album,
Minutes to Midnight, Shinoda sings lead vocals on "In Between", "Hands
Held High", and on the B-side "No Roads Left". On numerous songs from
band\'s fourth album, A Thousand Suns, such as the album\'s singles
("The Catalyst", "Burning in the Skies", "Iridescent"), both Shinoda
and Bennington sing. The album has been regarded as a turning point in
the band\'s musical career, having a stronger emphasis on
electronica.[287][288] James Montgomery, of MTV, compared the record
to Radiohead\'s Kid A,[289] while Jordy Kasko of Review, Rinse, Repeat
likened the album to both Kid A and Pink Floyd\'s landmark album The
Dark Side of the Moon.[290] Shinoda stated that he and the other band
members were deeply influenced by Chuck D and Public Enemy. He
elaborated: "Public Enemy were very three-dimensional with their
records because although they seemed political, there was a whole lot
of other stuff going on in there too. It made me think how three-
dimensional I wanted our record to be without imitating them of
course, and show where we were at creatively".[291] One of the
record\'s political elements is its samples of speeches by American
political figures.[292] A Thousand Suns was described as trip
hop,[293] electronic rock,[268][294] ambient,[293] alternative
rock,[295] industrial rock,[273] experimental rock,[296] rap
rock,[297] and progressive rock.[298]\n'], ['The virus can cause acute
myocardial injury and chronic damage to the cardiovascular
system.[137][138] An acute cardiac injury was found in 12% of infected
people admitted to the hospital in Wuhan, China,[139] and is more
frequent in severe disease.[140] Rates of cardiovascular symptoms are
high, owing to the systemic inflammatory response and immune system
disorders during disease progression, but acute myocardial injuries
may also be related to ACE2 receptors in the heart.[138] ACE2
receptors are highly expressed in the heart and are involved in heart
function.[138][141]\n'], ['Living Things was released on June 26 in
the United States.[129][130][131][132] The album sold over 223,000
copies during its debut week, ranking No. 1 on the US Albums
Charts.[141] Linkin Park\'s single "Castle of Glass" was nominated for
\'Best Song in a Game\' at the 2012 Spike Video Game Awards.[142] The
band also performed at the award ceremony on December 7, but lost the
award to "Cities" by Beck.[142] Linkin Park also played at the
Soundwave music festival in Australia, where they shared the stage
with Metallica, Paramore, Blink-182, and Sum 41.[143][144]\n'], ['In
addition to the standard periodization, proponents of a "long
Renaissance" may put its beginning in the 14th century and its end in
the 17th century.[c]\n'], ['One common symptom, loss of smell, results
from infection of the support cells of the olfactory epithelium, with
subsequent damage to the olfactory neurons.[124] The involvement of
both the central and peripheral nervous system in COVID 19 has been
reported in many medical publications.[125] It is clear that many
people with COVID-19 exhibit neurological or mental health issues. The
virus is not detected in the central nervous system (CNS) of the
majority of COVID-19 patients with neurological issues. However, SARS-
CoV-2 has been detected at low levels in the brains of those who have
died from COVID 19, but these results need to be confirmed.[126] While
virus has been detected in cerebrospinal fluid of autopsies, the exact
mechanism by which it invades the CNS remains unclear and may first
involve invasion of peripheral nerves given the low levels of ACE2 in
the brain.[127][128][129] The virus may also enter the bloodstream
from the lungs and cross the blood brain barrier to gain access to the
CNS, possibly within an infected white blood cell.[126]\n'], ['A
suitable environment had developed to question classical scientific
doctrine. The discovery in 1492 of the New World by Christopher
Columbus challenged the classical worldview. The works of Ptolemy (in
geography) and Galen (in medicine) were found to not always match
everyday observations. As the Reformation and Counter-Reformation
clashed, the Northern Renaissance showed a decisive shift in focus
from Aristotelean natural philosophy to chemistry and the biological
sciences (botany, anatomy, and medicine).[73] The willingness to
question previously held truths and search for new answers resulted in
a period of major scientific advancements.\n']]