[['Another common cause of death is complications related to the
kidneys.[143] Early reports show that up to 30% of hospitalised
patients both in China and in New York have experienced some injury to
their kidneys, including some persons with no previous kidney
problems.[148]\n'], ['Some historians have begun to consider the word
Renaissance to be unnecessarily loaded, implying an unambiguously
positive rebirth from the supposedly more primitive "Dark Ages", the
Middle Ages. Most political and economic historians now prefer to use
the term "early modern" for this period (and a considerable period
afterwards), a designation intended to highlight the period as a
transitional one between the Middle Ages and the modern era.[149]
Others such as Roger Osborne have come to consider the Italian
Renaissance as a repository of the myths and ideals of western history
in general, and instead of rebirth of ancient ideas as a period of
great innovation.[150]\n'], ['Most critical respiratory comorbidities
according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC),
are: moderate or severe asthma, pre-existing COPD, pulmonary fibrosis,
cystic fibrosis.[390] Evidence stemming from meta-analysis of several
smaller research papers also suggests that smoking can be associated
with worse outcomes.[391][392] When someone with existing respiratory
problems is infected with COVID 19, they might be at greater risk for
severe symptoms.[393] COVID 19 also poses a greater risk to people who
misuse opioids and amphetamines, insofar as their drug use may have
caused lung damage.[394]\n'], ['Linkin Park combines elements of
metal, industrial, punk, pop, electronic, hip hop.[250] More
specifically, the band has been categorized as alternative rock, nu
metal, rap rock, rap metal, alternative metal, electronic rock, pop
rock, hard rock, and industrial rock.[note 1] Despite being considered
nu metal, the band never considered themselves as such.[274]\n'],
['\nPrior to the COVID 19 pandemic, an established body of knowledge
existed about the structure and function of coronaviruses causing
diseases like severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) and Middle East
respiratory syndrome (MERS). This knowledge accelerated the
development of various vaccine platforms in early 2020.[201] The
initial focus of SARS-CoV-2 vaccines was on preventing symptomatic,
often severe, illness.[202] In 2020, the first COVID 19 vaccines were
developed and made available to the public through emergency
authorizations[203] and conditional approvals.[204][205] Initially,
most COVID 19 vaccines were two-dose vaccines, with the sole exception
being the single-dose Janssen COVID 19 vaccine.[203] However, immunity
from the vaccines has been found to wane over time, requiring people
to get booster doses of the vaccine to maintain protection against
COVID 19.[203]\n'], ['Tigers and lions in zoos have become infected as
a result of contact with infected humans.[474] As expected, monkeys
and great ape species such as orangutans can also be infected with the
COVID 19 virus.[474]\n'], ['In the second half of the 15th century,
the Renaissance spirit spread to Germany and the Low Countries, where
the development of the printing press (ca. 1450) and Renaissance
artists such as Albrecht D rer (1471 1528) predated the influence from
Italy. In the early Protestant areas of the country humanism became
closely linked to the turmoil of the Reformation, and the art and
writing of the German Renaissance frequently reflected this
dispute.[99] However, the Gothic style and medieval scholastic
philosophy remained exclusively until the turn of the 16th century.
Emperor Maximilian I of Habsburg (ruling 1493 1519) was the first
truly Renaissance monarch of the Holy Roman Empire.\n'], ['After being
expelled from the body, coronaviruses can survive on surfaces for
hours to days. If a person touches the dirty surface, they may deposit
the virus at the eyes, nose, or mouth where it can enter the body and
cause infection.[239] Evidence indicates that contact with infected
surfaces is not the main driver of COVID 19,[240][241][242] leading to
recommendations for optimised disinfection procedures to avoid issues
such as the increase of antimicrobial resistance through the use of
inappropriate cleaning products and processes.[243][244] Deep cleaning
and other surface sanitation has been criticised as hygiene theatre,
giving a false sense of security against something primarily spread
through the air.[245][246]\n'], ["In some sense, we may regard
postmodernism, posthumanism, poststructuralism, etc., as being of the
'cyborg age' of mind over body. Deconference was an exploration in
post-cyborgism (i.e. what comes after the postcorporeal era), and thus
explored issues of postpostmodernism, postpoststructuralism, and the
like. To understand this transition from 'pomo' (cyborgism) to 'popo'
(postcyborgism) we must first understand the cyborg era itself.[79]"]]