[['The new Italian trend combined with existing national traditions to
create a particular local Renaissance art. Acceptance of Renaissance
art was furthered by the continuous arrival of humanist thought in the
country. Many young Hungarians studying at Italian universities came
closer to the Florentine humanist center, so a direct connection with
Florence evolved. The growing number of Italian traders moving to
Hungary, specially to Buda, helped this process. New thoughts were
carried by the humanist prelates, among them Vit z J nos, archbishop
of Esztergom, one of the founders of Hungarian humanism.[102] During
the long reign of emperor Sigismund of Luxemburg the Royal Castle of
Buda became probably the largest Gothic palace of the late Middle
Ages. King Matthias Corvinus (r. 1458 1490) rebuilt the palace in
early Renaissance style and further expanded it.[103][104]\n'],
['Criticisms of postmodernism are intellectually diverse. Since
postmodernism criticizes both conservative and modernist values as
well as universalist concepts such as objective reality, morality,
truth, reason, and social progress, critics of postmodernism often
defend such concepts from various angles.\n'], ['Some view this as a
"scientific revolution", heralding the beginning of the modern
age,[74] others as an acceleration of a continuous process stretching
from the ancient world to the present day.[75] Significant scientific
advances were made during this time by Galileo Galilei, Tycho Brahe,
and Johannes Kepler.[76] Copernicus, in De revolutionibus orbium
coelestium (On the Revolutions of the Heavenly Spheres), posited that
the Earth moved around the Sun. De humani corporis fabrica (On the
Workings of the Human Body) by Andreas Vesalius, gave a new confidence
to the role of dissection, observation, and the mechanistic view of
anatomy.[77]\n'], ['Some pets, especially cats and ferrets, can catch
this virus from infected humans.[472][473] Symptoms in cats include
respiratory (such as a cough) and digestive symptoms.[472] Cats can
spread the virus to other cats, and may be able to spread the virus to
humans, but cat-to-human transmission of SARS-CoV-2 has not been
proven.[472][474] Compared to cats, dogs are less susceptible to this
infection.[474] Behaviours which increase the risk of transmission
include kissing, licking, and petting the animal.[474]\n'], ['COVID 19
transmission occurs when infectious particles are breathed in or come
into contact with the eyes, nose, or mouth. The risk is highest when
people are in close proximity, but small airborne particles containing
the virus can remain suspended in the air and travel over longer
distances, particularly indoors. Transmission can also occur when
people touch their eyes, nose or mouth after touching surfaces or
objects that have been contaminated by the virus. People remain
contagious for up to 20 days and can spread the virus even if they do
not develop symptoms.[17]\n'], ['Living Things was released on June 26
in the United States.[129][130][131][132] The album sold over 223,000
copies during its debut week, ranking No. 1 on the US Albums
Charts.[141] Linkin Park\'s single "Castle of Glass" was nominated for
\'Best Song in a Game\' at the 2012 Spike Video Game Awards.[142] The
band also performed at the award ceremony on December 7, but lost the
award to "Cities" by Beck.[142] Linkin Park also played at the
Soundwave music festival in Australia, where they shared the stage
with Metallica, Paramore, Blink-182, and Sum 41.[143][144]\n'],
['According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,
pregnant women are at increased risk of becoming seriously ill from
COVID 19.[76] This is because pregnant women with COVID 19 appear to
be more likely to develop respiratory and obstetric complications that
can lead to miscarriage, premature delivery and intrauterine growth
restriction.[76]\n'], ['The treatment and management of COVID-19
combines both supportive care, which includes treatment to relieve
symptoms, fluid therapy, oxygen support as needed,[258][259][260] and
a growing list of approved medications. Highly effective vaccines have
reduced mortality related to SARS-CoV-2; however, for those awaiting
vaccination, as well as for the estimated millions of
immunocompromised persons who are unlikely to respond robustly to
vaccination, treatment remains important.[261]  Some people may
experience persistent symptoms or disability after recovery from the
infection, known as long COVID, but there is still limited information
on the best management and rehabilitation for this
condition.[262]\n']]