[['In July 2011, Bennington told Rolling Stone that Linkin Park aims
to produce a new album every eighteen months, and that he would be
shocked if a new album did not come out in 2012.[123][124] He later
revealed in another interview in September 2011 that the band was
still in the beginning phases of the next album, saying "We just kind
of began. We like to keep the creative juices flowing, so we try to
keep that going all the time\xa0... we like the direction that we\'re
going in".[125] On March 28, 2012, Shinoda confirmed that the band is
filming a music video for "Burn It Down",[126] directed by Joe
Hahn.[127] Shinoda spoke to Co.Create about the album\'s art, saying
that it will "blow them [the fans] away\xa0... the average person is
not going to be able to look at it and go, I understand that that\'s
completely new, like not just the image but the way they made the
image is totally new. So there\'s going to be that".[128]\n'], ['COVID
19 can provisionally be diagnosed on the basis of symptoms and
confirmed using reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-
PCR) or other nucleic acid testing of infected secretions.[21][166]
Along with laboratory testing, chest CT scans may be helpful to
diagnose COVID 19 in individuals with a high clinical suspicion of
infection.[167] Detection of a past infection is possible with
serological tests, which detect antibodies produced by the body in
response to the infection.[21]\n'], ["The band continued to explore a
wider variation of musical types on their fourth album, A Thousand
Suns (2010), layering their music with more electronic sounds. The
band's fifth album, Living Things (2012), combined musical elements
from all of their previous records. Their sixth album, The Hunting
Party (2014), returned to a heavier rock sound, while their seventh
album, One More Light (2017), was a substantially more pop-oriented
record. Linkin Park went on an indefinite hiatus following the suicide
of longtime lead vocalist Bennington in July 2017. In April 2022,
Shinoda revealed the band was neither working on new music nor
planning on touring in the foreseeable future. Since Bennington's
death, they have only released 20th-anniversary editions of their
first two studio albums, as well as a greatest hits album, Papercuts,
in 2024.\n"], ['The SARS-CoV-2 virus can infect a wide range of cells
and systems of the body. COVID 19 is most known for affecting the
upper respiratory tract (sinuses, nose, and throat) and the lower
respiratory tract (windpipe and lungs).[119] The lungs are the organs
most affected by COVID 19 because the virus accesses host cells via
the receptor for the enzyme angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2),
which is most abundant on the surface of type II alveolar cells of the
lungs.[120] The virus uses a special surface glycoprotein called a
"spike" to connect to the ACE2 receptor and enter the host
cell.[121]\n'], ['In February 2021, the FDA issued an emergency use
authorisation (EUA) for bamlanivimab and etesevimab administered
together for the treatment of mild to moderate COVID 19 in people
twelve years of age or older weighing at least 40 kilograms (88\xa0lb)
who test positive for SARS CoV 2 and who are at high risk for
progressing to severe COVID 19. The authorised use includes treatment
for those who are 65 years of age or older or who have certain chronic
medical conditions.[511]\n'], ['Early mention of postmodernism as an
element of graphic design appeared in the British magazine,
"Design".[42] A characteristic of postmodern graphic design is that
"retro, techno, punk, grunge, beach, parody, and pastiche were all
conspicuous trends. Each had its own sites and venues, detractors and
advocates."[43]\n'], ['Meteora earned the band multiple awards and
honors. The band won the MTV awards for Best Rock Video for "Somewhere
I Belong"[48][49] and the Viewer\'s Choice Award for "Breaking the
Habit".[50] Linkin Park also received significant recognition during
the 2004 Radio Music Awards, winning the Artist of the Year and Song
of the Year ("Numb") awards.[51] Although Meteora was not nearly as
successful as Hybrid Theory, it was the third best selling album in
the United States during 2003.[10] The band spent the first few months
of 2004 touring around the world, first with the third Projekt
Revolution tour, and later several European concerts.[10] At the same
time, the band\'s relationship with Warner Bros. Records was
deteriorating rapidly on account of several trust and financial
issues.[52] After months of feuding, the band finally negotiated a
deal in December 2005.[53]\n'], ['Thorough hand hygiene after any
cough or sneeze is required.[232] The WHO also recommends that
individuals wash hands often with soap and water for at least twenty
seconds, especially after going to the toilet or when hands are
visibly dirty, before eating and after blowing one\'s nose.[233] When
soap and water are not available, the CDC recommends using an alcohol-
based hand sanitiser with at least 60% alcohol.[234] For areas where
commercial hand sanitisers are not readily available, the WHO provides
two formulations for local production. In these formulations, the
antimicrobial activity arises from ethanol or isopropanol. Hydrogen
peroxide is used to help eliminate bacterial spores in the alcohol; it
is "not an active substance for hand antisepsis". Glycerol is added as
a humectant.[235]\n'], ['Jean-Fran ois Lyotard is credited with being
the first to use the term "postmodern" in a philosophical context, in
his 1979 work The Postmodern Condition: A Report on Knowledge. In it,
he follows Wittgenstein\'s language games model and speech act theory,
contrasting two different language games, that of the expert, and that
of the philosopher. He talks about the transformation of knowledge
into information in the computer age and likens the transmission or
reception of coded messages (information) to a position within a
language game.[3]\n'], ['Many groups have created COVID 19 datasets
that include imagery such as the Italian Radiological Society which
has compiled an international online database of imaging findings for
confirmed cases.[183] Due to overlap with other infections such as
adenovirus, imaging without confirmation by rRT-PCR is of limited
specificity in identifying COVID 19.[182] A large study in China
compared chest CT results to PCR and demonstrated that though imaging
is less specific for the infection, it is faster and more
sensitive.[166]\n']]