[["The Black Death caused greater upheaval to Florence's social and
political structure than later epidemics. Despite a significant number
of deaths among members of the ruling classes, the government of
Florence continued to function during this period. Formal meetings of
elected representatives were suspended during the height of the
epidemic due to the chaotic conditions in the city, but a small group
of officials was appointed to conduct the affairs of the city, which
ensured continuity of government.[53]\n"], ['On November 9, 2014, MTV
Europe named Linkin Park the "Best Rock" act of 2014 at their annual
music awards ceremony.[178] The band won the \'Best Rock Band\' and
\'Best Live Act\' titles of 2014 on Loudwire\'s Music Awards.[179]
Revolver ranked The Hunting Party as the fourth best album of
2014.[180] In an interview with AltWire on May 4, Shinoda reflected on
The Hunting Party and commented on Linkin Park\'s future, stating;
"I\'m really happy with the reaction from The Hunting Party, and I
think we\'re ready to move somewhere new on the next album, which will
be coming [in 2016]".[181]\n'], ['Although several medications have
been approved in different countries as of April 2022, not all
countries have these medications. Patients with mild to moderate
symptoms who are in the risk groups can take nirmatrelvir/ritonavir
(marketed as Paxlovid) or remdesivir, either of which reduces the risk
of serious illness or hospitalization.[275] In the US, the Biden
Administration COVID-19 action plan includes the Test to Treat
initiative, where people can go to a pharmacy, take a COVID test, and
immediately receive free Paxlovid if they test positive.[276]\n'],
['The virus also affects gastrointestinal organs as ACE2 is abundantly
expressed in the glandular cells of gastric, duodenal and rectal
epithelium[135] as well as endothelial cells and enterocytes of the
small intestine.[136]\n'], ['As a cultural movement, the Renaissance
encompassed innovative flowering of Latin and vernacular literatures,
beginning with the 14th-century resurgence of learning based on
classical sources, which contemporaries credited to Petrarch; the
development of linear perspective and other techniques of rendering a
more natural reality in painting; and gradual but widespread
educational reform. In politics, the Renaissance contributed to the
development of the customs and conventions of diplomacy, and in
science to an increased reliance on observation and inductive
reasoning. Although the Renaissance saw revolutions in many
intellectual and social scientific pursuits, as well as the
introduction of modern banking and the field of accounting,[5] it is
perhaps best known for its artistic developments and the contributions
of such polymaths as Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo, who inspired
the term "Renaissance man".[6][7]\n'], ['In 2003, MTV2 named Linkin
Park the sixth-greatest band of the music video era and the third-best
of the new millennium.[322] Billboard ranked Linkin Park No.\xa019 on
the Best Artists of the Decade chart.[323] The band was recently voted
as the greatest artist of the 2000s in a Bracket Madness poll on
VH1.[324] In 2014, the band was declared as the Biggest Rock Band in
the World Right Now by Kerrang!.[325][326] In 2015, Kerrang! gave "In
the End" and "Final Masquerade" the top two positions on Kerrang!\'s
Rock 100 list.[327]\n'], ['The connection between postmodernism,
posthumanism, and cyborgism has led to a challenge to postmodernism,
for which the terms Post-postmodernism and postpoststructuralism were
first coined in 2003:[77][78]\n'], ['It is also assumed that those
that are immunocompromised are at higher risk of getting severely sick
from SARS-CoV-2.[310] One research study that looked into the COVID 19
infections in hospitalised kidney transplant recipients found a
mortality rate of 11%.[311]\n'], ['RT-PCR testing of untreated
wastewater samples from Brazil and Italy have suggested detection of
SARS-CoV-2 as early as November and December 2019, respectively, but
the methods of such sewage studies have not been optimised, many have
not been peer-reviewed, details are often missing, and there is a risk
of false positives due to contamination or if only one gene target is
detected.[458] A September 2020 review journal article said, "The
possibility that the COVID 19 infection had already spread to Europe
at the end of last year is now indicated by abundant, even if
partially circumstantial, evidence", including pneumonia case numbers
and radiology in France and Italy in November and December.[459]\n'],
['The Renaissance (UK: /r ne s ns/ r n-AY-s nss, US: / r n s ns/
REN- -sahnss)[1][2][a] is a period in history and a cultural movement
marking the transition from the Middle Ages to modernity, covering the
15th and 16th centuries and characterized by an effort to revive and
surpass the ideas and achievements of classical antiquity; it was
associated with great social change in most fields and disciplines,
including art, architecture, politics, literature, exploration and
science. It began in the Republic of Florence, then spread to the rest
of Italy and later throughout Europe. The term rinascita ("rebirth")
first appeared in Lives of the Artists (c.\u20091550) by Giorgio
Vasari, while the corresponding French word renaissance was adopted
into English as the term for this period during the 1830s.[4][b]\n']]