[['The intense international exchange produced several cosmopolitan
humanist scholars, including Francisco de Holanda, Andr  de Resende,
and Dami o de G is, a friend of Erasmus who wrote with rare
independence on the reign of King Manuel I. Diogo and Andr  de Gouveia
made relevant teaching reforms via France. Foreign news and products
in the Portuguese factory in Antwerp attracted the interest of Thomas
More[138] and Albrecht D rer to the wider world.[139] There, profits
and know-how helped nurture the Dutch Renaissance and Golden Age,
especially after the arrival of the wealthy cultured Jewish community
expelled from Portugal.\n'], ['The Renaissance (UK: /r ne s ns/ r
n-AY-s nss, US: / r n s ns/   REN- -sahnss)[1][2][a] is a period in
history and a cultural movement marking the transition from the Middle
Ages to modernity, covering the 15th and 16th centuries and
characterized by an effort to revive and surpass the ideas and
achievements of classical antiquity; it was associated with great
social change in most fields and disciplines, including art,
architecture, politics, literature, exploration and science. It began
in the Republic of Florence, then spread to the rest of Italy and
later throughout Europe. The term rinascita ("rebirth") first appeared
in Lives of the Artists (c.\u20091550) by Giorgio Vasari, while the
corresponding French word renaissance was adopted into English as the
term for this period during the 1830s.[4][b]\n'], ['The rediscovery of
ancient texts and the invention of the printing press in about 1440
democratized learning and allowed a faster propagation of more widely
distributed ideas. In the first period of the Italian Renaissance,
humanists favored the study of humanities over natural philosophy or
applied mathematics, and their reverence for classical sources further
enshrined the Aristotelian and Ptolemaic views of the universe.
Writing around 1450, Nicholas Cusanus anticipated the heliocentric
worldview of Copernicus, but in a philosophical fashion.\n'],
['Another important development was in the process for discovery, the
scientific method,[77] focusing on empirical evidence and the
importance of mathematics, while discarding much of Aristotelian
science. Early and influential proponents of these ideas included
Copernicus, Galileo, and Francis Bacon.[78][79] The new scientific
method led to great contributions in the fields of astronomy, physics,
biology, and anatomy.[h][80]\n'], ['In the late-20th century, avant-
garde academics labelled American singer Madonna, as the
"personification of the postmodern",[52] with Christian writer Graham
Cray saying that "Madonna is perhaps the most visible example of what
is called post-modernism",[53] and Martin Amis described her as
"perhaps the most postmodern personage on the planet".[53] She was
also suggested by assistant professor Olivier S cardin of Utrecht
University to epitomise postmodernism.[54]\n'], ['Criticisms of
postmodernism are intellectually diverse. Since postmodernism
criticizes both conservative and modernist values as well as
universalist concepts such as objective reality, morality, truth,
reason, and social progress, critics of postmodernism often defend
such concepts from various angles.\n'], ["At an early stage of the
pandemic, the World Health Organization reported estimates of IFR
between 0.3% and 1%.[355][356] On 2\xa0July, The WHO's chief scientist
reported that the average IFR estimate presented at a two-day WHO
expert forum was about 0.6%.[357][358] In August, the WHO found that
studies incorporating data from broad serology testing in Europe
showed IFR estimates converging at approximately 0.5 1%.[359] Firm
lower limits of IFRs have been established in a number of locations
such as New York City and Bergamo in Italy since the IFR cannot be
less than the population fatality rate. (After sufficient time
however, people can get reinfected).[360] As of 10 July, in New York
City, with a population of 8.4\xa0million, 23,377 individuals (18,758
confirmed and 4,619 probable) have died with COVID 19 (0.3% of the
population).[361] Antibody testing in New York City suggested an IFR
of  0.9%,[362] and  1.4%.[363] In Bergamo province, 0.6% of the
population has died.[364] In September 2020, the U.S. Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reported preliminary estimates of
age-specific IFRs for public health planning purposes.[365]\n"],
['Most critical respiratory comorbidities according to the US Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), are: moderate or severe
asthma, pre-existing COPD, pulmonary fibrosis, cystic fibrosis.[390]
Evidence stemming from meta-analysis of several smaller research
papers also suggests that smoking can be associated with worse
outcomes.[391][392] When someone with existing respiratory problems is
infected with COVID 19, they might be at greater risk for severe
symptoms.[393] COVID 19 also poses a greater risk to people who misuse
opioids and amphetamines, insofar as their drug use may have caused
lung damage.[394]\n'], ['After the initial outbreak of COVID 19,
misinformation and disinformation regarding the origin, scale,
prevention, treatment, and other aspects of the disease rapidly spread
online.[463][464][465]\n'], ['One common symptom, loss of smell,
results from infection of the support cells of the olfactory
epithelium, with subsequent damage to the olfactory neurons.[124] The
involvement of both the central and peripheral nervous system in COVID
19 has been reported in many medical publications.[125] It is clear
that many people with COVID-19 exhibit neurological or mental health
issues. The virus is not detected in the central nervous system (CNS)
of the majority of COVID-19 patients with neurological issues.
However, SARS-CoV-2 has been detected at low levels in the brains of
those who have died from COVID 19, but these results need to be
confirmed.[126] While virus has been detected in cerebrospinal fluid
of autopsies, the exact mechanism by which it invades the CNS remains
unclear and may first involve invasion of peripheral nerves given the
low levels of ACE2 in the brain.[127][128][129] The virus may also
enter the bloodstream from the lungs and cross the blood brain barrier
to gain access to the CNS, possibly within an infected white blood
cell.[126]\n']]