[['Linkin Park is among both the best-selling bands of the 21st
century and the world\'s best-selling music artists, having sold over
100 million records worldwide.[5] They have won two Grammy Awards, six
American Music Awards, two Billboard Music Awards, four MTV Video
Music Awards, 10 MTV Europe Music Awards, and three World Music
Awards. In 2003, MTV2 named Linkin Park the sixth-greatest band of the
music video era and the third-best of the new millennium. Billboard
ranked Linkin Park No. 19 on the Best Artists of the Decade list. In
2012, the band was voted as the greatest artist of the 2000s in a
Bracket Madness poll on VH1. In 2014, the band was declared as "The
Biggest Rock Band in the World Right Now" by Kerrang!.\n'], ['The
Renaissance was a cultural movement that profoundly affected European
intellectual life in the early modern period. Beginning in Italy, and
spreading to the rest of Europe by the 16th century, its influence was
felt in art, architecture, philosophy, literature, music, science,
technology, politics, religion, and other aspects of intellectual
inquiry. Renaissance scholars employed the humanist method in study,
and searched for realism and human emotion in art.[24]\n'], ['Humanist
historians argued that contemporary scholarship restored direct links
to the classical period, thus bypassing the Medieval period, which
they then named for the first time the "Middle Ages". The term first
appears in Latin in 1469 as media tempestas (middle times).[87] The
term rinascita (rebirth) first appeared, however, in its broad sense
in Giorgio Vasari\'s Lives of the Artists, 1550, revised 1568.[88][89]
Vasari divides the age into three phases: the first phase contains
Cimabue, Giotto, and Arnolfo di Cambio; the second phase contains
Masaccio, Brunelleschi, and Donatello; the third centers on Leonardo
da Vinci and culminates with Michelangelo. It was not just the growing
awareness of classical antiquity that drove this development,
according to Vasari, but also the growing desire to study and imitate
nature.[90]\n'], ['The first COVID 19 vaccine was granted regulatory
approval on 2\xa0December 2020 by the UK medicines regulator
MHRA.[195] It was evaluated for emergency use authorisation (EUA)
status by the US FDA, and in several other countries.[196] Initially,
the US National Institutes of Health guidelines do not recommend any
medication for prevention of COVID 19, before or after exposure to the
SARS-CoV-2 virus, outside the setting of a clinical trial.[197][70]
Without a vaccine, other prophylactic measures, or effective
treatments, a key part of managing COVID 19 is trying to decrease and
delay the epidemic peak, known as "flattening the curve".[198] This is
done by slowing the infection rate to decrease the risk of health
services being overwhelmed, allowing for better treatment of active
cases, and delaying additional cases until effective treatments or a
vaccine become available.[198][199]\n'], ['In 1949, the term was used
to describe a dissatisfaction with the modernist architectural
movement known as the International Style.[23] Postmodernism in
architecture was initially marked by a re-emergence of surface
ornament, reference to surrounding buildings in urban settings,
historical reference in decorative forms (eclecticism), and non-
orthogonal angles.[24]\n'], ["Matthias started at least two major
building projects.[108] The works in Buda and Visegr d began in about
1479.[109] Two new wings and a hanging garden were built at the royal
castle of Buda, and the palace at Visegr d was rebuilt in Renaissance
style.[109][110] Matthias appointed the Italian Chimenti Camicia and
the Dalmatian Giovanni Dalmata to direct these projects. [109]
Matthias commissioned the leading Italian artists of his age to
embellish his palaces: for instance, the sculptor Benedetto da Majano
and the painters Filippino Lippi and Andrea Mantegna worked for
him.[111] A copy of Mantegna's portrait of Matthias survived.[112]
Matthias also hired the Italian military engineer Aristotele
Fioravanti to direct the rebuilding of the forts along the southern
frontier.[113] He had new monasteries built in Late Gothic style for
the Franciscans in Kolozsv r, Szeged and Hunyad, and for the Paulines
in Fej regyh za.[114][115]  In the spring of 1485, Leonardo da Vinci
travelled to Hungary on behalf of Sforza to meet king Matthias
Corvinus, and was commissioned by him to paint a Madonna.[116]\n"],
['According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,
pregnant women are at increased risk of becoming seriously ill from
COVID 19.[76] This is because pregnant women with COVID 19 appear to
be more likely to develop respiratory and obstetric complications that
can lead to miscarriage, premature delivery and intrauterine growth
restriction.[76]\n'], ['In May 2009, Linkin Park announced they were
working on a fourth studio album, which was planned to be released in
2010. Shinoda told IGN that the new album would be \'genre-busting,\'
while building off of elements in Minutes to Midnight.[87] He also
mentioned that the album would be more experimental and "hopefully
more cutting-edge".[88] Bennington also addressed the media to confirm
that Rick Rubin would return to produce the new album.[89] The band
later revealed the album would be called A Thousand Suns.[90] While
working on the new album, Linkin Park worked with successful film
composer Hans Zimmer to produce the score for Transformers: Revenge of
the Fallen.[91] The band released a single for the movie, titled "New
Divide".[92][93] Joe Hahn created a music video for the song, which
featured clips from the film.[92] On June 22, Linkin Park played a
short set in Westwood Village after the premier of the movie.[94]
After completing work for Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, the
band returned to the studio to finalize their album.[95]\n']]