[['The band still struggled to sign a record deal. They turned to Jeff
Blue for additional help after facing numerous rejections from several
major record labels.[12] After failing to catch Warner Bros. Records
on three previous reviews, Blue, who was now the vice president of
Warner Bros. Records, helped the band sign a deal with the company as
a developing artist in 1999.[18][19] However, the label advised the
band to change their name to avoid confusion with Hybrid.[20][21] The
band considered the names "Plear" and "Platinum Lotus Foundation"
before deciding on "Linkin Park",[22] a play on and homage to Santa
Monica\'s Lincoln Park,[6] now called Christine Emerson Reed Park.[23]
They initially wanted to use the name "Lincoln Park", however they
changed it to "Linkin" to acquire the internet domain
"linkinpark.com".[21][24]\n'], ['Among healthy adults not exposed to
SARS-CoV-2, about 35% have CD4+ T cells that recognise the SARS-CoV-2
S protein (particularly the S2 subunit) and about 50% react to other
proteins of the virus, suggesting cross-reactivity from previous
common colds caused by other coronaviruses.[158]\n'], ['A key metric
in gauging the severity of COVID 19 is the infection fatality rate
(IFR), also referred to as the infection fatality ratio or infection
fatality risk.[349][350][351] This metric is calculated by dividing
the total number of deaths from the disease by the total number of
infected individuals; hence, in contrast to the CFR, the IFR
incorporates asymptomatic and undiagnosed infections as well as
reported cases.[352]\n'], ['The CDC states that avoiding crowded
indoor spaces reduces the risk of COVID-19 infection.[226] When
indoors, increasing the rate of air change, decreasing recirculation
of air and increasing the use of outdoor air can reduce
transmission.[226][227] The WHO recommends ventilation and air
filtration in public spaces to help clear out infectious
aerosols.[228][229][230]\n'], ["In architecture, Filippo Brunelleschi
was foremost in studying the remains of ancient classical buildings.
With rediscovered knowledge from the 1st-century writer Vitruvius and
the flourishing discipline of mathematics, Brunelleschi formulated the
Renaissance style that emulated and improved on classical forms. His
major feat of engineering was building the dome of the Florence
Cathedral.[67] Another building demonstrating this style is the church
of St. Andrew in Mantua, built by Alberti. The outstanding
architectural work of the High Renaissance was the rebuilding of St.
Peter's Basilica, combining the skills of Bramante, Michelangelo,
Raphael, Sangallo and Maderno.\n"], ['Humanist scholars shaped the
intellectual landscape throughout the early modern period. Political
philosophers such as Niccol  Machiavelli and Thomas More revived the
ideas of Greek and Roman thinkers and applied them in critiques of
contemporary government, following the Islamic steps of Ibn
Khaldun.[60][61] Pico della Mirandola wrote the "manifesto" of the
Renaissance, the Oration on the Dignity of Man, a vibrant defence of
thinking.[citation needed] Matteo Palmieri (1406 1475), another
humanist, is most known for his work Della vita civile ("On Civic
Life"; printed 1528), which advocated civic humanism, and for his
influence in refining the Tuscan vernacular to the same level as
Latin. Palmieri drew on Roman philosophers and theorists, especially
Cicero, who, like Palmieri, lived an active public life as a citizen
and official, as well as a theorist and philosopher and also
Quintilian. Perhaps the most succinct expression of his perspective on
humanism is in a 1465 poetic work La citt  di vita, but an earlier
work, Della vita civile, is more wide-ranging. Composed as a series of
dialogues set in a country house in the Mugello countryside outside
Florence during the plague of 1430, Palmieri expounds on the qualities
of the ideal citizen. The dialogues include ideas about how children
develop mentally and physically, how citizens can conduct themselves
morally, how citizens and states can ensure probity in public life,
and an important debate on the difference between that which is
pragmatically useful and that which is honest.[citation needed]\n'],
['In November 2017, the band announced that a live album compiled from
their final tour with Bennington, titled One More Light Live, would be
released on December 15.[216][217] On November 19, Linkin Park
received an American Music Award for Favorite Alternative Artist and
dedicated the award to Bennington.[218][219]\n'], ['In November 2020,
the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued an emergency use
authorisation for the investigational monoclonal antibody therapy
bamlanivimab for the treatment of mild-to-moderate COVID 19.[510]
Bamlanivimab is authorised for people with positive results of direct
SARS-CoV-2 viral testing who are twelve years of age and older
weighing at least 40 kilograms (88\xa0lb), and who are at high risk
for progressing to severe COVID 19 or hospitalisation.[510] This
includes those who are 65 years of age or older, or who have chronic
medical conditions.[510]\n'], ['Science and art were intermingled in
the early Renaissance, with polymath artists such as Leonardo da Vinci
making observational drawings of anatomy and nature. Leonardo set up
controlled experiments in water flow, medical dissection, and
systematic study of movement and aerodynamics, and he devised
principles of research method that led Fritjof Capra to classify him
as the "father of modern science".[g] Other examples of Da Vinci\'s
contribution during this period include machines designed to saw
marbles and lift monoliths, and new discoveries in acoustics, botany,
geology, anatomy, and mechanics.[72]\n']]