[["Matthias started at least two major building projects.[108] The
works in Buda and Visegr d began in about 1479.[109] Two new wings and
a hanging garden were built at the royal castle of Buda, and the
palace at Visegr d was rebuilt in Renaissance style.[109][110]
Matthias appointed the Italian Chimenti Camicia and the Dalmatian
Giovanni Dalmata to direct these projects. [109] Matthias commissioned
the leading Italian artists of his age to embellish his palaces: for
instance, the sculptor Benedetto da Majano and the painters Filippino
Lippi and Andrea Mantegna worked for him.[111] A copy of Mantegna's
portrait of Matthias survived.[112] Matthias also hired the Italian
military engineer Aristotele Fioravanti to direct the rebuilding of
the forts along the southern frontier.[113] He had new monasteries
built in Late Gothic style for the Franciscans in Kolozsv r, Szeged
and Hunyad, and for the Paulines in Fej regyh za.[114][115]  In the
spring of 1485, Leonardo da Vinci travelled to Hungary on behalf of
Sforza to meet king Matthias Corvinus, and was commissioned by him to
paint a Madonna.[116]\n"], ['Formed in 1996, Linkin Park rose to
international fame with their debut studio album, Hybrid Theory
(2000), which became certified Diamond by the Recording Industry
Association of America (RIAA). Released during the peak of the nu
metal scene, the album\'s singles\' heavy airplay on MTV led the
singles "One Step Closer", "Crawling", and "In the End" all to chart
highly on the US Mainstream Rock chart. The lattermost also crossed
over to the #2 spot on the nation\'s Billboard Hot 100.[1] Their
second album, Meteora (2003), continued the band\'s success.[2] The
band explored experimental sounds on their third album, Minutes to
Midnight (2007).[3] By the end of the decade, Linkin Park was among
the most successful and popular rock acts.[4]\n'], ['It is unknown
whether different persons use similar antibody genes in response to
COVID 19.[159]\n'], ['Muslim logicians, most notably Avicenna and
Averroes, had inherited Greek ideas after they had invaded and
conquered Egypt and the Levant. Their translations and commentaries on
these ideas worked their way through the Arab West into Iberia and
Sicily, which became important centers for this transmission of ideas.
Between the 11th and 13th centuries, many schools dedicated to the
translation of philosophical and scientific works from Classical
Arabic to Medieval Latin were established in Iberia, most notably the
Toledo School of Translators. This work of translation from Islamic
culture, though largely unplanned and disorganized, constituted one of
the greatest transmissions of ideas in history.[40]\n'], ['Chest CT
scans may be helpful to diagnose COVID 19 in individuals with a high
clinical suspicion of infection but are not recommended for routine
screening.[167][179] Bilateral multilobar ground-glass opacities with
a peripheral, asymmetric, and posterior distribution are common in
early infection.[167][180] Subpleural dominance, crazy paving (lobular
septal thickening with variable alveolar filling), and consolidation
may appear as the disease progresses.[167][181] Characteristic imaging
features on chest radiographs and computed tomography (CT) of people
who are symptomatic include asymmetric peripheral ground-glass
opacities without pleural effusions.[182]\n'], ["Even cities and
states beyond central Italy, such as the Republic of Florence at this
time, were also notable for their merchant republics, especially the
Republic of Venice. Although in practice these were oligarchical, and
bore little resemblance to a modern democracy, they did have
democratic features and were responsive states, with forms of
participation in governance and belief in liberty.[44][45][46] The
relative political freedom they afforded was conducive to academic and
artistic advancement.[47] Likewise, the position of Italian cities
such as Venice as great trading centres made them intellectual
crossroads. Merchants brought with them ideas from far corners of the
globe, particularly the Levant. Venice was Europe's gateway to trade
with the East, and a producer of fine glass, while Florence was a
capital of textiles. The wealth such business brought to Italy meant
large public and private artistic projects could be commissioned and
individuals had more leisure time for study.[47]\n"], ['Other
important figures of Hungarian Renaissance include B lint Balassi
(poet), Sebesty n Tin di Lantos (poet), B lint Bakfark (composer and
lutenist), and Master MS (fresco painter).\n'], ['Linkin Park also
participated in numerous charitable events, which included raising
money to benefit victims of Hurricane Charley in 2004 and later
Hurricane Katrina in 2005.[10] The band donated $75,000 to the Special
Operations Warrior Foundation in March 2004.[57] They also helped
relief efforts for the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami victims by staging
several charity concerts and setting up an additional fund called
Music for Relief.[58] The band participated at Live 8, a series of
charitable benefit concerts set up to raise global awareness.[59]
Alongside Jay-Z, the band performed on Live 8\'s stage in
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to a global audience.[59] The band would
later be reunited with Jay-Z at the Grammy Award Ceremony 2006, during
which they performed "Numb/Encore", en route to winning a Grammy for
Best Rap/Sung Collaboration.[60][61] They were joined on stage by Paul
McCartney who added verses from the song "Yesterday".[62][63] They
would later go on to play at the 2006 Summer Sonic music festival,
which was hosted by Metallica in Japan.[64]\n']]