[['Linkin Park became the first rock band to achieve more than one
billion YouTube views.[328] Linkin Park\'s "Numb" is the third and "In
the End" is the sixth "timeless song" on Spotify. The two songs make
Linkin Park the only artist to have two timeless songs in the top
ten.[329]\n'], ['Displacement ventilation with large natural inlets
can move stale air directly to the exhaust in laminar flow while
significantly reducing the concentration of droplets and particles.
Passive ventilation reduces energy consumption and maintenance costs
but may lack controllability and heat recovery. Displacement
ventilation can also be achieved mechanically with higher energy and
maintenance costs. The use of large ducts and openings helps to
prevent mixing in closed environments. Recirculation and mixing should
be avoided because recirculation prevents dilution of harmful
particles and redistributes possibly contaminated air, and mixing
increases the concentration and range of infectious particles and
keeps larger particles in the air.[231]\n'], ['Multiple viral and host
factors affect the pathogenesis of the virus. The S-protein, otherwise
known as the spike protein, is the viral component that attaches to
the host receptor via the ACE2 receptors. It includes two subunits: S1
and S2. S1 determines the virus-host range and cellular tropism via
the receptor-binding domain. S2 mediates the membrane fusion of the
virus to its potential cell host via the H1 and HR2, which are heptad
repeat regions. Studies have shown that S1 domain induced IgG and IgA
antibody levels at a much higher capacity. It is the focus spike
proteins expression that are involved in many effective COVID 19
vaccines.[154]\n'], ['RT-PCR testing of untreated wastewater samples
from Brazil and Italy have suggested detection of SARS-CoV-2 as early
as November and December 2019, respectively, but the methods of such
sewage studies have not been optimised, many have not been peer-
reviewed, details are often missing, and there is a risk of false
positives due to contamination or if only one gene target is
detected.[458] A September 2020 review journal article said, "The
possibility that the COVID 19 infection had already spread to Europe
at the end of last year is now indicated by abundant, even if
partially circumstantial, evidence", including pneumonia case numbers
and radiology in France and Italy in November and December.[459]\n'],
['In the wake of Typhoon Haiyan in 2013, Linkin Park played at Club
Nokia during the "Music for Relief: Concert for the Philippines" in
Los Angeles, and raised donations for victims.[248][249] The show was
broadcast on AXS TV on February 15.[248][249] Other artists during the
show included the Offspring, Bad Religion, Heart, and the
Filharmonic.[248][249]\n'], ['Both Hybrid Theory and Meteora combine
the alternative metal,[275] nu metal,[276] rap rock,[277] rap
metal,[278] and alternative rock[279] sound with influences and
elements from hip hop, and electronica,[280][281] utilizing
programming and synthesizers. William Ruhlmann from AllMusic regarded
it as "a Johnny-come-lately to an already overdone musical
style,"[282] whereas Rolling Stone described their song "Breaking the
Habit" as "risky, beautiful art".[283]\n'], ["In some sense, we may
regard postmodernism, posthumanism, poststructuralism, etc., as being
of the 'cyborg age' of mind over body. Deconference was an exploration
in post-cyborgism (i.e. what comes after the postcorporeal era), and
thus explored issues of postpostmodernism, postpoststructuralism, and
the like. To understand this transition from 'pomo' (cyborgism) to
'popo' (postcyborgism) we must first understand the cyborg era
itself.[79]"], ['At least a third of the people who are infected with
the virus do not develop noticeable symptoms at any point in
time.[46][47][48] These asymptomatic carriers tend not to get tested
and can still spread the disease.[48][49][50][51] Other infected
people will develop symptoms later (called "pre-symptomatic") or have
very mild symptoms and can also spread the virus.[51]\n'], ['An early
Italian humanist who came to Poland in the mid-15th century was
Filippo Buonaccorsi. Many Italian artists came to Poland with Bona
Sforza of Milan, when she married King Sigismund I in 1518.[133] This
was supported by temporarily strengthened monarchies in both areas, as
well as by newly established universities.[134] The Polish Renaissance
lasted from the late 15th to the late 16th century and was the Golden
Age of Polish culture. Ruled by the Jagiellonian dynasty, the Kingdom
of Poland (from 1569 known as the Polish Lithuanian Commonwealth)
actively participated in the broad European Renaissance. The multi-
national Polish state experienced a substantial period of cultural
growth thanks in part to a century without major wars   aside from
conflicts in the sparsely populated eastern and southern borderlands.
The Reformation spread peacefully throughout the country (giving rise
to the Polish Brethren), while living conditions improved, cities
grew, and exports of agricultural products enriched the population,
especially the nobility (szlachta) who gained dominance in the new
political system of Golden Liberty. The Polish Renaissance
architecture has three periods of development.\n'], ["Linkin Park's
influences include Limp Bizkit, Soundgarden, Alice in Chains, Pearl
Jam, Stone Temple Pilots, Jane's Addiction, Nirvana, Red Hot Chili
Peppers, Nine Inch Nails, Ministry, Skinny Puppy, Machines of Loving
Grace, Metallica, Refused, Minor Threat, Fugazi, Descendents, Misfits,
Beastie Boys, Run-DMC, A Tribe Called Quest, Rob Base and DJ E-Z Rock,
N.W.A, Public Enemy, KRS-One, Boogie Down Productions, Led Zeppelin,
Rage Against the Machine, and the Beatles.[312][313][314][315]\n"]]