[['In addition to the standard periodization, proponents of a "long
Renaissance" may put its beginning in the 14th century and its end in
the 17th century.[c]\n'], ['Biological factors (immune response) and
the general behaviour (habits) can strongly determine the consequences
of COVID 19.[343] Most of those who die of COVID 19 have pre-existing
(underlying) conditions, including hypertension, diabetes
mellitus,[378] and cardiovascular disease.[388] According to March
data from the United States, 89% of those hospitalised had preexisting
conditions.[389] The Italian Istituto Superiore di Sanit  reported
that out of 8.8% of deaths where medical charts were available, 96.1%
of people had at least one comorbidity with the average person having
3.4 diseases.[288] According to this report the most common
comorbidities are hypertension (66% of deaths), type\xa02 diabetes
(29.8% of deaths), ischaemic heart disease (27.6% of deaths), atrial
fibrillation (23.1% of deaths) and chronic renal failure (20.2% of
deaths).\n'], ["Renaissance humanists such as Poggio Bracciolini
sought out in Europe's monastic libraries the Latin literary,
historical, and oratorical texts of antiquity, while the fall of
Constantinople (1453) generated a wave of  migr  Greek scholars
bringing precious manuscripts in ancient Greek, many of which had
fallen into obscurity in the West. It was in their new focus on
literary and historical texts that Renaissance scholars differed so
markedly from the medieval scholars of the Renaissance of the 12th
century, who had focused on studying Greek and Arabic works of natural
sciences, philosophy, and mathematics, rather than on such cultural
texts.[citation needed]\n"], ['More recently metamodernism, post-
postmodernism and the "death of postmodernism" have been widely
debated: in 2007 Andrew Hoberek noted in his introduction to a special
issue of the journal Twentieth-Century Literature titled "After
Postmodernism" that "declarations of postmodernism\'s demise have
become a critical commonplace". A small group of critics has put forth
a range of theories that aim to describe culture or society in the
alleged aftermath of postmodernism, most notably Raoul Eshelman
(performatism), Gilles Lipovetsky (hypermodernity), Nicolas Bourriaud
(altermodern), and Alan Kirby (digimodernism, formerly called pseudo-
modernism). None of these new theories or labels have so far gained
very widespread acceptance. Sociocultural anthropologist Nina M ller-
Schwarze offers neostructuralism as a possible direction.[80] The
exhibition Postmodernism   Style and Subversion 1970 1990 at the
Victoria and Albert Museum (London, 24 September 2011   15 January
2012) was billed as the first show to document postmodernism as a
historical movement.\n'], ['The many thousands of SARS-CoV-2 variants
are grouped into either clades or lineages.[105][106] The WHO, in
collaboration with partners, expert networks, national authorities,
institutions and researchers, have established nomenclature systems
for naming and tracking SARS-CoV-2 genetic lineages by GISAID,
Nextstrain and Pango. The expert group convened by the WHO recommended
the labelling of variants using letters of the Greek alphabet, for
example, Alpha, Beta, Delta, and Gamma, giving the justification that
they "will be easier and more practical to discussed by non-scientific
audiences".[107] Nextstrain divides the variants into five clades
(19A, 19B, 20A, 20B, and 20C), while GISAID divides them into seven
(L, O, V, S, G, GH, and GR).[108] The Pango tool groups variants into
lineages, with many circulating lineages being classed under the B.1
lineage.[106][109]\n'], ['COVID 19 transmission occurs when infectious
particles are breathed in or come into contact with the eyes, nose, or
mouth. The risk is highest when people are in close proximity, but
small airborne particles containing the virus can remain suspended in
the air and travel over longer distances, particularly indoors.
Transmission can also occur when people touch their eyes, nose or
mouth after touching surfaces or objects that have been contaminated
by the virus. People remain contagious for up to 20 days and can
spread the virus even if they do not develop symptoms.[17]\n'],
['Human angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (hACE2) is the host factor
that SARS-CoV-2 virus targets causing COVID 19. Theoretically, the
usage of angiotensin receptor blockers (ARB) and ACE inhibitors
upregulating ACE2 expression might increase morbidity with COVID 19,
though animal data suggest some potential protective effect of ARB;
however no clinical studies have proven susceptibility or outcomes.
Until further data is available, guidelines and recommendations for
hypertensive patients remain.[156]\n'], ['Other important figures of
Hungarian Renaissance include B lint Balassi (poet), Sebesty n Tin di
Lantos (poet), B lint Bakfark (composer and lutenist), and Master MS
(fresco painter).\n'], ['COVID 19 is caused by infection with a strain
of coronavirus known as "severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus
2" (SARS-CoV-2).[79]\n']]