[['The amount of time that the virus can survive depends significantly
on the type of surface, the temperature, and the humidity.[247]
Coronaviruses die very quickly when exposed to the UV light in
sunlight.[247] Like other enveloped viruses, SARS-CoV-2 survives
longest when the temperature is at room temperature or lower, and when
the relative humidity is low (<50%).[247]\n'], ['In terms of hospital
readmissions about 9% of 106,000 individuals had to return for
hospital treatment within two months of discharge. The average to
readmit was eight days since first hospital visit. There are several
risk factors that have been identified as being a cause of multiple
admissions to a hospital facility. Among these are advanced age (above
65 years of age) and presence of a chronic condition such as diabetes,
COPD, heart failure or chronic kidney disease.[297][298]\n'], ['In
addition to the standard periodization, proponents of a "long
Renaissance" may put its beginning in the 14th century and its end in
the 17th century.[c]\n'], ['The New York Times\' Jon Caramanica
commented Linkin Park "brought the collision of hard rock and hip-hop
to its commercial and aesthetic peak" at the beginning of the
2000s.[333] Several rock and non-rock artists have cited Linkin Park
as an influence, including Of Mice & Men,[334] One OK Rock,[335]
Kutless,[336] My Heart to Fear,[337] Ill Ni o,[338] Bishop Nehru,[339]
From Ashes to New,[340] Bring Me the Horizon,[341] Spyair,[342]
Hardy,[343] I Prevail,[344] Crossfaith,[345] AJ Tracey,[346] the
Chainsmokers,[347] The Devil Wears Prada,[348] Steve Aoki,[349]
Blackbear,[350] Halsey,[351] Amber Liu,[352] Machine Gun Kelly,[353]
Billie Eilish,[354] Starset,[355] and the Weeknd.[356]\n'], ['The
development of perspective was part of a wider trend toward realism in
the arts.[64] Painters developed other techniques, studying light,
shadow, and, famously in the case of Leonardo da Vinci, human anatomy.
Underlying these changes in artistic method was a renewed desire to
depict the beauty of nature and to unravel the axioms of aesthetics,
with the works of Leonardo, Michelangelo and Raphael representing
artistic pinnacles that were much imitated by other artists.[65] Other
notable artists include Sandro Botticelli, working for the Medici in
Florence, Donatello, another Florentine, and Titian in Venice, among
others.\n'], ['Sociologist Rodney Stark, plays down the Renaissance in
favor of the earlier innovations of the Italian city-states in the
High Middle Ages, which married responsive government, Christianity
and the birth of capitalism.[28] This analysis argues that, whereas
the great European states (France and Spain) were absolute monarchies,
and others were under direct Church control, the independent city-
republics of Italy took over the principles of capitalism invented on
monastic estates and set off a vast unprecedented Commercial
Revolution that preceded and financed the Renaissance.[citation
needed]\n'], ['The band still struggled to sign a record deal. They
turned to Jeff Blue for additional help after facing numerous
rejections from several major record labels.[12] After failing to
catch Warner Bros. Records on three previous reviews, Blue, who was
now the vice president of Warner Bros. Records, helped the band sign a
deal with the company as a developing artist in 1999.[18][19] However,
the label advised the band to change their name to avoid confusion
with Hybrid.[20][21] The band considered the names "Plear" and
"Platinum Lotus Foundation" before deciding on "Linkin Park",[22] a
play on and homage to Santa Monica\'s Lincoln Park,[6] now called
Christine Emerson Reed Park.[23] They initially wanted to use the name
"Lincoln Park", however they changed it to "Linkin" to acquire the
internet domain "linkinpark.com".[21][24]\n'], ['The word
"Renaissance" is borrowed from the French language, where it means
"re-birth". It was first used in the eighteenth century and was later
popularized by French historian Jules Michelet (1798 1874) in his 1855
work, Histoire de France (History of France).[97][98]\n'], ["Linkin
Park's influences include Limp Bizkit, Soundgarden, Alice in Chains,
Pearl Jam, Stone Temple Pilots, Jane's Addiction, Nirvana, Red Hot
Chili Peppers, Nine Inch Nails, Ministry, Skinny Puppy, Machines of
Loving Grace, Metallica, Refused, Minor Threat, Fugazi, Descendents,
Misfits, Beastie Boys, Run-DMC, A Tribe Called Quest, Rob Base and DJ
E-Z Rock, N.W.A, Public Enemy, KRS-One, Boogie Down Productions, Led
Zeppelin, Rage Against the Machine, and the
Beatles.[312][313][314][315]\n"], ["In the revival of neoplatonism,
Renaissance humanists did not reject Christianity; on the contrary,
many of the Renaissance's greatest works were devoted to it, and the
Church patronized many works of Renaissance art.[citation needed] But
a subtle shift took place in the way that intellectuals approached
religion that was reflected in many other areas of cultural
life.[25][better\xa0source\xa0needed] In addition, many Greek
Christian works, including the Greek New Testament, were brought back
from Byzantium to Western Europe and engaged Western scholars for the
first time since late antiquity. This new engagement with Greek
Christian works, and particularly the return to the original Greek of
the New Testament promoted by humanists Lorenzo Valla and Erasmus,
helped pave the way for the Reformation.[citation needed]\n"]]