[["By the 15th century, writers, artists, and architects in Italy were
well aware of the transformations that were taking place and were
using phrases such as modi antichi (in the antique manner) or alle
romana et alla antica (in the manner of the Romans and the ancients)
to describe their work. In the 1330s Petrarch referred to pre-
Christian times as antiqua (ancient) and to the Christian period as
nova (new).[85] From Petrarch's Italian perspective, this new period
(which included his own time) was an age of national
eclipse.[85]\nLeonardo Bruni was the first to use tripartite
periodization in his History of the Florentine People (1442).[86]
Bruni's first two periods were based on those of Petrarch, but he
added a third period because he believed that Italy was no longer in a
state of decline. Flavio Biondo used a similar framework in Decades of
History from the Deterioration of the Roman Empire (1439 1453).\n"],
['Neurologic manifestations include seizure, stroke, encephalitis, and
Guillain Barr  syndrome (which includes loss of motor
functions).[71][72] Following the infection, children may develop
paediatric multisystem inflammatory syndrome, which has symptoms
similar to Kawasaki disease, which can be fatal.[73][74] In very rare
cases, acute encephalopathy can occur, and it can be considered in
those who have been diagnosed with COVID 19 and have an altered mental
status.[75]\n'], ['The first confirmed human infections were in Wuhan.
A study of the first 41 cases of confirmed COVID 19, published in
January 2020 in The Lancet, reported the earliest date of onset of
symptoms as 1\xa0December 2019.[425][426][427] Official publications
from the WHO reported the earliest onset of symptoms as 8\xa0December
2019.[428] Human-to-human transmission was confirmed by the WHO and
Chinese authorities by 20 January 2020.[429][430] According to
official Chinese sources, these were mostly linked to the Huanan
Seafood Wholesale Market, which also sold live animals.[431] In May
2020, George Gao, the director of the CDC, said animal samples
collected from the seafood market had tested negative for the virus,
indicating that the market was the site of an early superspreading
event, but that it was not the site of the initial outbreak.[432]
Traces of the virus have been found in wastewater samples that were
collected in Milan and Turin, Italy, on 18 December 2019.[433]\n'],
['It is also assumed that those that are immunocompromised are at
higher risk of getting severely sick from SARS-CoV-2.[310] One
research study that looked into the COVID 19 infections in
hospitalised kidney transplant recipients found a mortality rate of
11%.[311]\n'], ["The mortality rate reflects the number of deaths
within a specific demographic group divided by the population of that
demographic group. Consequently, the mortality rate reflects the
prevalence as well as the severity of the disease within a given
population. Mortality rates are highly correlated to age, with
relatively low rates for young people and relatively high rates among
the elderly.[340][341][342] In fact, one relevant factor of mortality
rates is the age structure of the countries' populations. For example,
the case fatality rate for COVID 19 is lower in India than in the US
since India's younger population represents a larger percentage than
in the US.[343]\n"], ['The treatment and management of COVID-19
combines both supportive care, which includes treatment to relieve
symptoms, fluid therapy, oxygen support as needed,[258][259][260] and
a growing list of approved medications. Highly effective vaccines have
reduced mortality related to SARS-CoV-2; however, for those awaiting
vaccination, as well as for the estimated millions of
immunocompromised persons who are unlikely to respond robustly to
vaccination, treatment remains important.[261]  Some people may
experience persistent symptoms or disability after recovery from the
infection, known as long COVID, but there is still limited information
on the best management and rehabilitation for this
condition.[262]\n'], ["\nThe traditional view focuses more on the
Renaissance's early modern aspects and argues that it was a break from
the past, but many historians today focus more on its medieval aspects
and argue that it was an extension of the Middle Ages.[11][12] The
beginnings of the period the early Renaissance of the 15th century and
the Italian Proto-Renaissance from around 1250 or 1300 overlap
considerably with the Late Middle Ages, conventionally dated to
c.\u20091350 1500, and the Middle Ages themselves were a long period
filled with gradual changes, like the modern age; as a transitional
period between both, the Renaissance has close similarities to both,
especially the late and early sub-periods of either."], ['Rather than
a period with definitive beginnings and endings and consistent content
in between, the Renaissance can be (and occasionally has been) seen as
a movement of practices and ideas to which specific groups and
identifiable persons variously responded in different times and
places. It would be in this sense a network of diverse, sometimes
converging, sometimes conflicting cultures, not a single, time-bound
culture.[20]\n'], ['In all, the Renaissance can be viewed as an
attempt by intellectuals to study and improve the secular and worldly,
both through the revival of ideas from antiquity and through novel
approaches to thought. Political philosopher Hans Kohn describes it as
an age where "Men looked for new foundations"; some like Erasmus and
Thomas More envisioned new reformed spiritual foundations, others. in
the words of Machiavelli, una lunga sperienza delle cose moderne ed
una continua lezione delle antiche (a long experience with modern life
and a continuous learning from antiquity).[27]\n'], ['Linkin Park is
among both the best-selling bands of the 21st century and the world\'s
best-selling music artists, having sold over 100 million records
worldwide.[5] They have won two Grammy Awards, six American Music
Awards, two Billboard Music Awards, four MTV Video Music Awards, 10
MTV Europe Music Awards, and three World Music Awards. In 2003, MTV2
named Linkin Park the sixth-greatest band of the music video era and
the third-best of the new millennium. Billboard ranked Linkin Park No.
19 on the Best Artists of the Decade list. In 2012, the band was voted
as the greatest artist of the 2000s in a Bracket Madness poll on VH1.
In 2014, the band was declared as "The Biggest Rock Band in the World
Right Now" by Kerrang!.\n']]