[['Critics argue that postmodernism promotes obscurantism, abandons
Enlightenment rationalism and scientific rigor, and contributes little
to analytical or empirical knowledge.[12]\n'], ["Those diagnosed with
COVID 19 or who believe they may be infected are advised by the CDC to
stay home except to get medical care, call ahead before visiting a
healthcare provider, wear a face mask before entering the healthcare
provider's office and when in any room or vehicle with another person,
cover coughs and sneezes with a tissue, regularly wash hands with soap
and water and avoid sharing personal household items.[193][194]\n"],
['The SARS-CoV-2 virus can infect a wide range of cells and systems of
the body. COVID 19 is most known for affecting the upper respiratory
tract (sinuses, nose, and throat) and the lower respiratory tract
(windpipe and lungs).[119] The lungs are the organs most affected by
COVID 19 because the virus accesses host cells via the receptor for
the enzyme angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), which is most
abundant on the surface of type II alveolar cells of the lungs.[120]
The virus uses a special surface glycoprotein called a "spike" to
connect to the ACE2 receptor and enter the host cell.[121]\n'],
['Their fifth album, Living Things, is also an electronic-heavy album,
but includes other influences, resulting in a harder sound by
comparison.[299][300] The band returned to a heavier sound compared to
their last three albums on The Hunting Party, which was described as
an alternative metal,[301][302][303] nu metal,[304] hard
rock,[301][305] rap rock,[306] and rap metal album.[307] Their seventh
album, One More Light, was described as pop,[308][309] pop
rock[271][310] and electropop.[311]\n'], ['The first confirmed human
infections were in Wuhan. A study of the first 41 cases of confirmed
COVID 19, published in January 2020 in The Lancet, reported the
earliest date of onset of symptoms as 1\xa0December
2019.[425][426][427] Official publications from the WHO reported the
earliest onset of symptoms as 8\xa0December 2019.[428] Human-to-human
transmission was confirmed by the WHO and Chinese authorities by 20
January 2020.[429][430] According to official Chinese sources, these
were mostly linked to the Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market, which also
sold live animals.[431] In May 2020, George Gao, the director of the
CDC, said animal samples collected from the seafood market had tested
negative for the virus, indicating that the market was the site of an
early superspreading event, but that it was not the site of the
initial outbreak.[432] Traces of the virus have been found in
wastewater samples that were collected in Milan and Turin, Italy, on
18 December 2019.[433]\n'], ['During the Renaissance, extending from
1450 to 1650,[81] every continent was visited and mostly mapped by
Europeans, except the south polar continent now known as Antarctica.
This development is depicted in the large world map Nova Totius
Terrarum Orbis Tabula made by the Dutch cartographer Joan Blaeu in
1648 to commemorate the Peace of Westphalia.\n'], ['As of
December\xa02021[update], there are five dominant variants of SARS-
CoV-2 spreading among global populations: the Alpha variant (B.1.1.7,
formerly called the UK variant), first found in London and Kent, the
Beta variant (B.1.351, formerly called the South Africa variant), the
Gamma variant (P.1, formerly called the Brazil variant), the Delta
variant (B.1.617.2, formerly called the India variant),[114] and the
Omicron variant (B.1.1.529), which had spread to 57 countries as of 7
December.[115][116]\n'], ['A December 2020 systematic review and meta-
analysis estimated that population IFR during the first wave of the
pandemic was about 0.5% to 1% in many locations (including France,
Netherlands, New Zealand, and Portugal), 1% to 2% in other locations
(Australia, England, Lithuania, and Spain), and exceeded 2% in
Italy.[353] That study also found that most of these differences in
IFR reflected corresponding differences in the age composition of the
population and age-specific infection rates; in particular, the
metaregression estimate of IFR is very low for children and younger
adults (e.g., 0.002% at age 10 and 0.01% at age 25) but increases
progressively to 0.4% at age 55, 1.4% at age 65, 4.6% at age 75, and
15% at age 85.[353] These results were also highlighted in a December
2020 report issued by the WHO.[354]\n'], ['The Renaissance (UK: /r ne
s ns/ r n-AY-s nss, US: / r n s ns/   REN- -sahnss)[1][2][a] is a
period in history and a cultural movement marking the transition from
the Middle Ages to modernity, covering the 15th and 16th centuries and
characterized by an effort to revive and surpass the ideas and
achievements of classical antiquity; it was associated with great
social change in most fields and disciplines, including art,
architecture, politics, literature, exploration and science. It began
in the Republic of Florence, then spread to the rest of Italy and
later throughout Europe. The term rinascita ("rebirth") first appeared
in Lives of the Artists (c.\u20091550) by Giorgio Vasari, while the
corresponding French word renaissance was adopted into English as the
term for this period during the 1830s.[4][b]\n'], ['The use of passive
antibodies to treat people with active COVID 19 is also being studied.
This involves the production of convalescent serum, which consists of
the liquid portion of the blood from people who recovered from the
infection and contains antibodies specific to this virus, which is
then administered to active patients.[523] This strategy was tried for
SARS with inconclusive results.[523] An updated Cochrane review in May
2023 found high certainty evidence that, for the treatment of people
with moderate to severe COVID 19, convalescent plasma did not reduce
mortality or bring about symptom improvement.[524] There continues to
be uncertainty about the safety of convalescent plasma administration
to people with COVID 19 and differing outcomes measured in different
studies limits their use in determining efficacy.[524]\n']]