[['Modern Architecture, as established and developed by Walter Gropius
and Le Corbusier, was focused on:\n'], ['Author on postmodernism,
Dominic Strinati, has noted, it is also important "to include in this
category the so-called \'art rock\' musical innovations and mixing of
styles associated with groups like Talking Heads, and performers like
Laurie Anderson, together with the self-conscious \'reinvention of
disco\' by the Pet Shop Boys".[51]\n'], ['COVID 19 case fatality rates
are higher among men than women in most countries. However, in a few
countries like India, Nepal, Vietnam, and Slovenia the fatality cases
are higher in women than men.[343] Globally, men are more likely to be
admitted to the ICU and more likely to die.[367][368] One meta-
analysis found that globally, men were more likely to get COVID 19
than women; there were approximately 55 men and 45 women per 100
infections (CI: 51.43 56.58).[369]\n'], ['Modelling research has been
conducted with several objectives, including predictions of the
dynamics of transmission,[482] diagnosis and prognosis of
infection,[483] estimation of the impact of interventions,[484][485]
or allocation of resources.[486] Modelling studies are mostly based on
compartmental models in epidemiology,[487] estimating the number of
infected people over time under given conditions. Several other types
of models have been developed and used during the COVID 19 pandemic
including computational fluid dynamics models to study the flow
physics of COVID 19,[488] retrofits of crowd movement models to study
occupant exposure,[489] mobility-data based models to investigate
transmission,[490] or the use of macroeconomic models to assess the
economic impact of the pandemic.[491]\n'], ["The transition from
modernism to postmodernism is often said to have happened at
3:32\xa0pm on 15 July in 1972, when Pruitt Igoe, a housing development
for low-income people in St. Louis designed by architect Minoru
Yamasaki, which had been a prize-winning version of Le Corbusier's
'machine for modern living,' was deemed uninhabitable and was torn
down.[67] Since then, postmodernism has involved theories that embrace
and aim to create diversity. It exalts uncertainty, flexibility and
change and rejects utopianism while embracing a utopian way of
thinking and acting.[68] Postmodernity of 'resistance' seeks to
deconstruct modernism and is a critique of the origins without
necessarily returning to them.[69] As a result of postmodernism,
planners are much less inclined to lay a firm or steady claim to there
being one single 'right way' of engaging in urban planning and are
more open to different styles and ideas of 'how to plan'.[70]\n"],
["In Minutes to Midnight the band experimented with their established
sound and drew influences from a wider and more varied range of genres
and styles, a process Los Angeles Times compares to a stage in U2's
work.[284] Only two songs on the album's tracklist feature rap vocals
and the majority of the album can be considered alternative
rock.[285][286]\n"], ['The term "postmodern" was first used in 1870 by
John Watkins Chapman, who described "a Postmodern style of painting"
as a departure from French Impressionism.[13][14] The first citation
given by the Oxford English Dictionary is dated to 1916, describing
Gus Mager as "one of the few \'post\' modern painters whose style is
convincing".[15]\n'], ['Linkin Park is among both the best-selling
bands of the 21st century and the world\'s best-selling music artists,
having sold over 100 million records worldwide.[5] They have won two
Grammy Awards, six American Music Awards, two Billboard Music Awards,
four MTV Video Music Awards, 10 MTV Europe Music Awards, and three
World Music Awards. In 2003, MTV2 named Linkin Park the sixth-greatest
band of the music video era and the third-best of the new millennium.
Billboard ranked Linkin Park No. 19 on the Best Artists of the Decade
list. In 2012, the band was voted as the greatest artist of the 2000s
in a Bracket Madness poll on VH1. In 2014, the band was declared as
"The Biggest Rock Band in the World Right Now" by Kerrang!.\n'], ["The
long-imagined south polar continent was eventually sighted in 1820.
Throughout the Renaissance it had been known as Terra Australis, or
'Australia' for short. However, after that name was transferred to New
Holland in the nineteenth century, the new name of 'Antarctica' was
bestowed on the south polar continent.[82]\n"], ['The risks of
cognitive deficit, dementia, psychotic disorders, and epilepsy or
seizures persists at an increased level two years after
infection.[331]\n']]