[['A suitable environment had developed to question classical
scientific doctrine. The discovery in 1492 of the New World by
Christopher Columbus challenged the classical worldview. The works of
Ptolemy (in geography) and Galen (in medicine) were found to not
always match everyday observations. As the Reformation and Counter-
Reformation clashed, the Northern Renaissance showed a decisive shift
in focus from Aristotelean natural philosophy to chemistry and the
biological sciences (botany, anatomy, and medicine).[73] The
willingness to question previously held truths and search for new
answers resulted in a period of major scientific advancements.\n'],
['Other important figures of Hungarian Renaissance include B lint
Balassi (poet), Sebesty n Tin di Lantos (poet), B lint Bakfark
(composer and lutenist), and Master MS (fresco painter).\n'], ['A key
metric in gauging the severity of COVID 19 is the infection fatality
rate (IFR), also referred to as the infection fatality ratio or
infection fatality risk.[349][350][351] This metric is calculated by
dividing the total number of deaths from the disease by the total
number of infected individuals; hence, in contrast to the CFR, the IFR
incorporates asymptomatic and undiagnosed infections as well as
reported cases.[352]\n'], ["Following the success of Hybrid Theory and
Reanimation, Linkin Park spent a significant amount of time touring
around the United States. The band members began to work on new
material amidst their saturated schedule, spending a sliver of their
free time in their tour bus's studio.[38] The band officially
announced the production of a new studio album in December 2002,
revealing their new work was inspired by the rocky region of Meteora
in Greece, where numerous monasteries have been built on top of the
rocks.[39] Meteora features a mixture of the band's nu metal and rap
metal style with newer innovative effects, including the induction of
a shakuhachi (a Japanese flute made of bamboo) and other
instruments.[6] Linkin Park's second album debuted on March 25, 2003,
and instantly earned worldwide recognition,[6] peaking at No. 1 on the
Rock & Metal Albums Chart.[40]\n"], ['Lyotard defined philosophical
postmodernism in The Postmodern Condition, writing: "Simplifying to
the extreme, I define postmodern as incredulity towards
metanarratives...."\u2009[63] where what he means by metanarrative (in
French, grands r cits) is something like a unified, complete,
universal, and epistemically certain story about everything that is.
Against totalizing metanarratives, Lyotard and other postmodern
philosophers argue that truth is always dependent upon historical and
social context rather than being absolute and universal and that truth
is always partial and "at issue" rather than being complete and
certain.[63]\n'], ['Linkin Park combines elements of metal,
industrial, punk, pop, electronic, hip hop.[250] More specifically,
the band has been categorized as alternative rock, nu metal, rap rock,
rap metal, alternative metal, electronic rock, pop rock, hard rock,
and industrial rock.[note 1] Despite being considered nu metal, the
band never considered themselves as such.[274]\n'], ['In literature
the later part of the 16th century saw the flowering of Elizabethan
literature, with poetry heavily influenced by Italian Renaissance
literature but Elizabethan theatre a distinctive native style. Writers
include William Shakespeare (1564 1616), Christopher Marlowe (1564
1593), Edmund Spenser (1552 599), Sir Thomas More (1478 1535), and Sir
Philip Sidney (1554 1586). English Renaissance music competed with
that in Europe with composers such as Thomas Tallis (1505 1585), John
Taverner (1490 1545), and William Byrd (1540 1623).  Elizabethan
architecture produced the large prodigy houses of courtiers, and in
the next century Inigo Jones (1573 1652), who introduced Italianate
architecture to England.[94]\n'], ['Severe acute respiratory syndrome
coronavirus\xa02 (SARS-CoV-2) is a novel severe acute respiratory
syndrome coronavirus. It was first isolated from three people with
pneumonia connected to the cluster of acute respiratory illness cases
in Wuhan.[95] All structural features of the novel SARS-CoV-2 virus
particle occur in related coronaviruses in nature,[96] particularly in
Rhinolophus sinicus aka Chinese horseshoe bats.[97]\n'], ['Another
important development was in the process for discovery, the scientific
method,[77] focusing on empirical evidence and the importance of
mathematics, while discarding much of Aristotelian science. Early and
influential proponents of these ideas included Copernicus, Galileo,
and Francis Bacon.[78][79] The new scientific method led to great
contributions in the fields of astronomy, physics, biology, and
anatomy.[h][80]\n']]