[['In 1971, the American scholar Ihab Hassan published The
Dismemberment of Orpheus: Toward a Postmodern Literature, an early
work of literary criticism from a postmodern perspective that traces
the development of what he calls "literature of silence" through
Marquis de Sade, Franz Kafka, Ernest Hemingway, Samuel Beckett, and
many others, including developments such as the Theatre of the Absurd
and the nouveau roman.\n'], ['In September 2020, the WHO released
updated guidance on using corticosteroids for COVID 19.[504][505] The
WHO recommends systemic corticosteroids rather than no systemic
corticosteroids for the treatment of people with severe and critical
COVID 19 (strong recommendation, based on moderate certainty
evidence).[504] The WHO suggests not to use corticosteroids in the
treatment of people with non-severe COVID 19 (conditional
recommendation, based on low certainty evidence).[504] The updated
guidance was based on a meta-analysis of clinical trials of critically
ill COVID 19 patients.[506][507]\n'], ['On January 28, 2018, Shinoda
replied to a tweet from a fan inquiring about his future with Linkin
Park, writing "I have every intention on continuing with LP, and the
guys feel the same. We have a lot of rebuilding to do, and questions
to answer, so it\'ll take time."[222] On March 29, however, Shinoda
stated that he was uncertain of Linkin Park\'s future when being
interviewed by Vulture.[223] On April 17, Linkin Park was nominated
for three awards at the 2018 Billboard Music Awards, but did not win
any of them.[224] The band was presented with The George and Ira
Gershwin Award for Lifetime Musical Achievement at UCLA on May
18.[225] On February 18, 2019, Shinoda said in an interview that the
band is open to the idea of continuing though what form that takes has
yet to be decided. Shinoda stated "I know the other guys, they love to
be onstage, they love to be in a studio, and so to not do that would
be like, I don\'t know, almost like unhealthy." When asked about the
band\'s future minus Bennington, Shinoda stated, "It\'s not my goal to
look for a new singer. If it does happen, it has to happen naturally.
If we find someone that is a great person and good stylistic fit, I
could see trying to do some stuff with somebody. I would never want to
feel like we are replacing Chester."[226]\n'], ['Systemic inflammation
results in vasodilation, allowing inflammatory lymphocytic and
monocytic infiltration of the lung and the heart. In particular,
pathogenic GM-CSF-secreting T\xa0cells were shown to correlate with
the recruitment of inflammatory IL-6-secreting monocytes and severe
lung pathology in people with COVID 19.[153] Lymphocytic infiltrates
have also been reported at autopsy.[123]\n'], ['During the
Renaissance, architects aimed to use columns, pilasters, and
entablatures as an integrated system. The Roman orders types of
columns are used: Tuscan and Composite. These can either be
structural, supporting an arcade or architrave, or purely decorative,
set against a wall in the form of pilasters. One of the first
buildings to use pilasters as an integrated system was in the Old
Sacristy (1421 1440) by Brunelleschi.[68] Arches, semi-circular or (in
the Mannerist style) segmental, are often used in arcades, supported
on piers or columns with capitals. There may be a section of
entablature between the capital and the springing of the arch. Alberti
was one of the first to use the arch on a monumental. Renaissance
vaults do not have ribs; they are semi-circular or segmental and on a
square plan, unlike the Gothic vault, which is frequently
rectangular.\n'], ['Humans appear to be capable of spreading the virus
to some other animals,[468][469] a type of disease transmission
referred to as zooanthroponosis.[470][471]\n'], ['Available evidence
suggests that the SARS-CoV-2 virus was originally harboured by bats,
and spread to humans multiple times from infected wild animals at the
Huanan Seafood Market in Wuhan in December 2019.[408][409] A minority
of scientists and some members of the U.S intelligence community
believe the virus may have been unintentionally leaked from a
laboratory such as the Wuhan Institute of Virology.[414][415] The US
intelligence community has mixed views on the issue,[416][417] but
overall agrees with the scientific consensus that the virus was not
developed as a biological weapon and is unlikely to have been
genetically engineered.[418][419][420][421] There is no evidence SARS-
CoV-2 existed in any laboratory prior to the
pandemic.[422][423][424]\n'], ['Initially, postmodernism was a mode of
discourse on literature and literary criticism, commenting on the
nature of literary text, meaning, author and reader, writing, and
reading.[31] Postmodernism developed in the mid- to late-twentieth
century across many scholarly disciplines as a departure or rejection
of modernism.[32][9][10] As a critical practice, postmodernism employs
concepts such as hyperreality, simulacrum, trace, and difference, and
rejects abstract principles in favor of direct experience. [citation
needed]\n'], ['During the early stages of the outbreak, the number of
cases doubled approximately every seven and a half days.[446] In early
and mid-January 2020, the virus spread to other Chinese provinces,
helped by the Chinese New Year migration and Wuhan being a transport
hub and major rail interchange.[101] On 20 January, China reported
nearly 140 new cases in one day, including two people in Beijing and
one in Shenzhen.[447] Later official data shows 6,174 people had
already developed symptoms by then,[370] and more may have been
infected.[448] A report in The Lancet on 24 January indicated human
transmission, strongly recommended personal protective equipment for
health workers, and said testing for the virus was essential due to
its "pandemic potential".[139][449] On 30 January, the WHO declared
COVID-19 a Public Health Emergency of International Concern.[448] By
this time, the outbreak spread by a factor of 100 to 200
times.[450]\n']]