[['Most critical respiratory comorbidities according to the US Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), are: moderate or severe
asthma, pre-existing COPD, pulmonary fibrosis, cystic fibrosis.[390]
Evidence stemming from meta-analysis of several smaller research
papers also suggests that smoking can be associated with worse
outcomes.[391][392] When someone with existing respiratory problems is
infected with COVID 19, they might be at greater risk for severe
symptoms.[393] COVID 19 also poses a greater risk to people who misuse
opioids and amphetamines, insofar as their drug use may have caused
lung damage.[394]\n'], ['An early Italian humanist who came to Poland
in the mid-15th century was Filippo Buonaccorsi. Many Italian artists
came to Poland with Bona Sforza of Milan, when she married King
Sigismund I in 1518.[133] This was supported by temporarily
strengthened monarchies in both areas, as well as by newly established
universities.[134] The Polish Renaissance lasted from the late 15th to
the late 16th century and was the Golden Age of Polish culture. Ruled
by the Jagiellonian dynasty, the Kingdom of Poland (from 1569 known as
the Polish Lithuanian Commonwealth) actively participated in the broad
European Renaissance. The multi-national Polish state experienced a
substantial period of cultural growth thanks in part to a century
without major wars   aside from conflicts in the sparsely populated
eastern and southern borderlands. The Reformation spread peacefully
throughout the country (giving rise to the Polish Brethren), while
living conditions improved, cities grew, and exports of agricultural
products enriched the population, especially the nobility (szlachta)
who gained dominance in the new political system of Golden Liberty.
The Polish Renaissance architecture has three periods of
development.\n'], ['By December 2019, the spread of infection was
almost entirely driven by human-to-human transmission.[370][434] The
number of COVID-19 cases in Hubei gradually increased, reaching sixty
by 20 December,[435] and at least 266 by 31 December.[436] On 24
December, Wuhan Central Hospital sent a bronchoalveolar lavage fluid
(BAL) sample from an unresolved clinical case to sequencing company
Vision Medicals. On 27 and 28 December, Vision Medicals informed the
Wuhan Central Hospital and the Chinese CDC of the results of the test,
showing a new coronavirus.[437] A pneumonia cluster of unknown cause
was observed on 26 December and treated by the doctor Zhang Jixian in
Hubei Provincial Hospital, who informed the Wuhan Jianghan CDC on 27
December.[438] On 30 December, a test report addressed to Wuhan
Central Hospital, from company CapitalBio Medlab, stated an erroneous
positive result for SARS, causing a group of doctors at Wuhan Central
Hospital to alert their colleagues and relevant hospital authorities
of the result. The Wuhan Municipal Health Commission issued a notice
to various medical institutions on "the treatment of pneumonia of
unknown cause" that same evening.[439] Eight of these doctors,
including Li Wenliang (punished on 3\xa0January),[440] were later
admonished by the police for spreading false rumours and another, Ai
Fen, was reprimanded by her superiors for raising the alarm.[441]\n'],
['Social distancing (also known as physical distancing) includes
infection control actions intended to slow the spread of the disease
by minimising close contact between individuals. Methods include
quarantines; travel restrictions; and the closing of schools,
workplaces, stadiums, theatres, or shopping centres. Individuals may
apply social distancing methods by staying at home, limiting travel,
avoiding crowded areas, using no-contact greetings, and physically
distancing themselves from others.[236]\n'], ["Following the success
of Hybrid Theory and Reanimation, Linkin Park spent a significant
amount of time touring around the United States. The band members
began to work on new material amidst their saturated schedule,
spending a sliver of their free time in their tour bus's studio.[38]
The band officially announced the production of a new studio album in
December 2002, revealing their new work was inspired by the rocky
region of Meteora in Greece, where numerous monasteries have been
built on top of the rocks.[39] Meteora features a mixture of the
band's nu metal and rap metal style with newer innovative effects,
including the induction of a shakuhachi (a Japanese flute made of
bamboo) and other instruments.[6] Linkin Park's second album debuted
on March 25, 2003, and instantly earned worldwide recognition,[6]
peaking at No. 1 on the Rock & Metal Albums Chart.[40]\n"], ['A
cytokine storm can be a complication in the later stages of severe
COVID 19. A cytokine storm is a potentially deadly immune reaction
where a large amount of pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines are
released too quickly. A cytokine storm can lead to ARDS and multiple
organ failure.[513] Data collected from Jin Yin-tan Hospital in Wuhan,
China indicates that patients who had more severe responses to COVID
19 had greater amounts of pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines in
their system than patients who had milder responses. These high levels
of pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines indicate presence of a
cytokine storm.[514]\n'], ['One of the most well-known postmodernist
concerns is deconstruction, a theory for philosophy, literary
criticism, and textual analysis developed by Jacques Derrida.[60]
Derrida\'s work has been seen as rooted in a statement found in Of
Grammatology: "Il n\'y a pas de hors-texte" ("there is nothing outside
the text"). This statement is part of a critique of "inside" and
"outside" metaphors when referring to the text, and is a corollary to
the observation that there is no "inside" of a text as well.[61] This
attention to a text\'s unacknowledged reliance on metaphors and
figures embedded within its discourse is characteristic of Derrida\'s
approach. Derrida\'s method sometimes involves demonstrating that a
given philosophical discourse depends on binary oppositions or
excluding terms that the discourse itself has declared to be
irrelevant or inapplicable. Derrida\'s philosophy inspired a
postmodern movement called deconstructivism among architects,
characterized by a design that rejects structural "centers" and
encourages decentralized play among its elements. Derrida discontinued
his involvement with the movement after the publication of his
collaborative project with architect Peter Eisenman in Chora L Works:
Jacques Derrida and Peter Eisenman.[62]\n'], ['In September 2020, the
WHO released updated guidance on using corticosteroids for COVID
19.[504][505] The WHO recommends systemic corticosteroids rather than
no systemic corticosteroids for the treatment of people with severe
and critical COVID 19 (strong recommendation, based on moderate
certainty evidence).[504] The WHO suggests not to use corticosteroids
in the treatment of people with non-severe COVID 19 (conditional
recommendation, based on low certainty evidence).[504] The updated
guidance was based on a meta-analysis of clinical trials of critically
ill COVID 19 patients.[506][507]\n']]