'Humans appear to be capable of spreading the virus to some other
animals, a type of disease transmission referred to as
zooanthroponosis.\n', 'The postmodern approach to understanding the
city were pioneered in the 1980s by what could be called the "Los
Angeles School of Urbanism" centered on the UCLA\'s Urban Planning
Department in the 1980s, where contemporary Los Angeles was taken to
be the postmodern city par excellence, contra posed to what had been
the dominant ideas of the Chicago School formed in the 1920s at the
University of Chicago, with its framework of urban ecology and
emphasis on functional areas of use within a city, and the concentric
circles to understand the sorting of different population groups.
Edward Soja of the Los Angeles School combined Marxist and postmodern
perspectives and focused on the economic and social changes
(globalization, specialization, industrialization/deindustrialization,
neo-liberalism, mass migration) that lead to the creation of large
city-regions with their patchwork of population groups and economic
uses.\n', 'The effect of the virus on ACE2 cell surfaces leads to
leukocytic infiltration, increased blood vessel permeability, alveolar
wall permeability, as well as decreased secretion of lung surfactants.
These effects cause the majority of the respiratory symptoms. However,
the aggravation of local inflammation causes a cytokine storm
eventually leading to a systemic inflammatory response syndrome.\n',
'In the late-20th century, avant-garde academics labelled American
singer Madonna, as the "personification of the postmodern", with
Christian writer Graham Cray saying that "Madonna is perhaps the most
visible example of what is called post-modernism", and Martin Amis
described her as "perhaps the most postmodern personage on the
planet". She was also suggested by assistant professor Olivier S
cardin of Utrecht University to epitomise postmodernism.\n', 'The
Italian artist and critic Giorgio Vasari (1511 1574) first used the
term rinascita in his book The Lives of the Artists (published 1550).
In the book Vasari attempted to define what he described as a break
with the barbarities of Gothic art: the arts (he held) had fallen into
decay with the collapse of the Roman Empire and only the Tuscan
artists, beginning with Cimabue (1240 1301) and Giotto (1267 1337)
began to reverse this decline in the arts. Vasari saw ancient art as
central to the rebirth of Italian art.\n', 'Most scholars today agree
postmodernism began to compete with modernism in the late 1950s and
gained ascendancy over it in the 1960s.\n', 'Tigers and lions in zoos
have become infected as a result of contact with infected humans. As
expected, monkeys and great ape species such as orangutans can also be
infected with the COVID 19 virus.\n', 'Common side effects of COVID 19
vaccines include soreness, redness, rash, inflammation at the
injection site, fatigue, headache, myalgia (muscle pain), and
arthralgia (joint pain), which resolve without medical treatment
within a few days. COVID 19 vaccination is safe for people who are
pregnant or are breastfeeding.\n'