[['Several laboratories and companies have developed serological
tests, which detect antibodies produced by the body in response to
infection. Several have been evaluated by Public Health England and
approved for use in the UK.[174]\n'], ['Other important figures of
Hungarian Renaissance include B lint Balassi (poet), Sebesty n Tin di
Lantos (poet), B lint Bakfark (composer and lutenist), and Master MS
(fresco painter).\n'], ['The vocal interplay between Chester
Bennington and Mike Shinoda plays as a major part within Linkin
Park\'s music, with Bennington being the lead vocalist and Shinoda as
the rapping vocalist. On Linkin Park\'s third album, Minutes to
Midnight, Shinoda sings lead vocals on "In Between", "Hands Held
High", and on the B-side "No Roads Left". On numerous songs from
band\'s fourth album, A Thousand Suns, such as the album\'s singles
("The Catalyst", "Burning in the Skies", "Iridescent"), both Shinoda
and Bennington sing. The album has been regarded as a turning point in
the band\'s musical career, having a stronger emphasis on
electronica.[287][288] James Montgomery, of MTV, compared the record
to Radiohead\'s Kid A,[289] while Jordy Kasko of Review, Rinse, Repeat
likened the album to both Kid A and Pink Floyd\'s landmark album The
Dark Side of the Moon.[290] Shinoda stated that he and the other band
members were deeply influenced by Chuck D and Public Enemy. He
elaborated: "Public Enemy were very three-dimensional with their
records because although they seemed political, there was a whole lot
of other stuff going on in there too. It made me think how three-
dimensional I wanted our record to be without imitating them of
course, and show where we were at creatively".[291] One of the
record\'s political elements is its samples of speeches by American
political figures.[292] A Thousand Suns was described as trip
hop,[293] electronic rock,[268][294] ambient,[293] alternative
rock,[295] industrial rock,[273] experimental rock,[296] rap
rock,[297] and progressive rock.[298]\n'], ['Some observers have
questioned whether the Renaissance was a cultural "advance" from the
Middle Ages, instead seeing it as a period of pessimism and nostalgia
for classical antiquity,[19] while social and economic historians,
especially of the longue dur e, have instead focused on the continuity
between the two eras,[20] which are linked, as Panofsky observed, "by
a thousand ties".[21][d]\n'], ["The band continued to explore a wider
variation of musical types on their fourth album, A Thousand Suns
(2010), layering their music with more electronic sounds. The band's
fifth album, Living Things (2012), combined musical elements from all
of their previous records. Their sixth album, The Hunting Party
(2014), returned to a heavier rock sound, while their seventh album,
One More Light (2017), was a substantially more pop-oriented record.
Linkin Park went on an indefinite hiatus following the suicide of
longtime lead vocalist Bennington in July 2017. In April 2022, Shinoda
revealed the band was neither working on new music nor planning on
touring in the foreseeable future. Since Bennington's death, they have
only released 20th-anniversary editions of their first two studio
albums, as well as a greatest hits album, Papercuts, in 2024.\n"],
['In some ways, Renaissance humanism was not a philosophy but a method
of learning. In contrast to the medieval scholastic mode, which
focused on resolving contradictions between authors, Renaissance
humanists would study ancient texts in the original and appraise them
through a combination of reasoning and empirical evidence. Humanist
education was based on the programme of Studia Humanitatis, the study
of five humanities: poetry, grammar, history, moral philosophy, and
rhetoric. Although historians have sometimes struggled to define
humanism precisely, most have settled on "a middle of the road
definition... the movement to recover, interpret, and assimilate the
language, literature, learning and values of ancient Greece and
Rome".[57] Above all, humanists asserted "the genius of man\xa0... the
unique and extraordinary ability of the human mind".[58]\n'], ['Well
after the first artistic return to classicism had been exemplified in
the sculpture of Nicola Pisano, Florentine painters led by Masaccio
strove to portray the human form realistically, developing techniques
to render perspective and light more naturally. Political
philosophers, most famously Niccol  Machiavelli, sought to describe
political life as it really was, that is to understand it rationally.
A critical contribution to Italian Renaissance humanism, Giovanni Pico
della Mirandola wrote De hominis dignitate (Oration on the Dignity of
Man, 1486), a series of theses on philosophy, natural thought, faith,
and magic defended against any opponent on the grounds of reason. In
addition to studying classical Latin and Greek, Renaissance authors
also began increasingly to use vernacular languages; combined with the
introduction of the printing press, this allowed many more people
access to books, especially the Bible.[26]\n'], ['The amount of time
that the virus can survive depends significantly on the type of
surface, the temperature, and the humidity.[247] Coronaviruses die
very quickly when exposed to the UV light in sunlight.[247] Like other
enveloped viruses, SARS-CoV-2 survives longest when the temperature is
at room temperature or lower, and when the relative humidity is low
(<50%).[247]\n'], ['In an interview with Fuse, Shinoda confirmed that
Linkin Park had begun recording their sixth studio album in May
2013.[152] The band released the first single from their upcoming
album, titled, "Guilty All the Same" (featuring Rakim) on March 6,
2014, through Shazam.[153] The single was later released on the
following day by Warner Bros. Records and debut at No. 27 on the US
Billboard Rock Airplay charts before peaking at No. 1 on the
Mainstream Rock charts in the following weeks.[154][155] Shortly after
the single\'s release, the band revealed their sixth album would be
titled The Hunting Party.[156] The album was produced by Shinoda and
Delson, who wanted to explore musical elements from Hybrid Theory and
the band\'s earlier material.[157] Shinoda commented the album is a
"90s style of rock record". He elaborated, "It\'s a rock record. It\'s
loud and it\'s rock, but not in the sense of what you\'ve heard
before, which is more like \'90s hardcore-punk-thrash.\'[158] The
album includes musical contributions from rapper Rakim, Page Hamilton
of Helmet, Tom Morello of Rage Against the Machine, and Daron Malakian
of System of a Down.[159][160] The songs "Until It\'s Gone",[161]
"Wastelands",[160] "Rebellion" (featuring Daron Malakian),[162] and
"Final Masquerade"[163] were released as singles from the album.The
Hunting Party was released on June 13, 2014,[164] in most countries,
and later released in the United States on June 17.[165]\n'], ['The
Renaissance began in times of religious turmoil. The Late Middle Ages
was a period of political intrigue surrounding the Papacy, culminating
in the Western Schism, in which three men simultaneously claimed to be
true Bishop of Rome.[83] While the schism was resolved by the Council
of Constance (1414), a resulting reform movement known as Conciliarism
sought to limit the power of the pope. Although the papacy eventually
emerged supreme in ecclesiastical matters by the Fifth Council of the
Lateran (1511), it was dogged by continued accusations of corruption,
most famously in the person of Pope Alexander VI, who was accused
variously of simony, nepotism, and fathering children (most of whom
were married off, presumably for the consolidation of power) while a
cardinal.[84]\n']]