[['The CDC states that avoiding crowded indoor spaces reduces the risk
of COVID-19 infection.[226] When indoors, increasing the rate of air
change, decreasing recirculation of air and increasing the use of
outdoor air can reduce transmission.[226][227] The WHO recommends
ventilation and air filtration in public spaces to help clear out
infectious aerosols.[228][229][230]\n'], ['Science and art were
intermingled in the early Renaissance, with polymath artists such as
Leonardo da Vinci making observational drawings of anatomy and nature.
Leonardo set up controlled experiments in water flow, medical
dissection, and systematic study of movement and aerodynamics, and he
devised principles of research method that led Fritjof Capra to
classify him as the "father of modern science".[g] Other examples of
Da Vinci\'s contribution during this period include machines designed
to saw marbles and lift monoliths, and new discoveries in acoustics,
botany, geology, anatomy, and mechanics.[72]\n'], ["Bennington and
Shinoda both reported that Warner Bros. Records was skeptical of
Linkin Park's initial recordings.[25][26] The label's A&R was not
pleased with the band's hip-hop and rock-style approach.[25][26] An
A&R representative suggested that Bennington should demote or fire
Shinoda and exclusively focus on making a rock record.[25][26]
Bennington supported Shinoda and refused to compromise Linkin Park's
vision for the album.[25][26] Farrell returned in late 2000, and the
band released their breakthrough album, Hybrid Theory, that same
year.[12]\n"], ['The Renaissance was a cultural movement that
profoundly affected European intellectual life in the early modern
period. Beginning in Italy, and spreading to the rest of Europe by the
16th century, its influence was felt in art, architecture, philosophy,
literature, music, science, technology, politics, religion, and other
aspects of intellectual inquiry. Renaissance scholars employed the
humanist method in study, and searched for realism and human emotion
in art.[24]\n'], ['They argued for architecture that represented the
spirit of the age as depicted in cutting-edge technology, be it
airplanes, cars, ocean liners, or even supposedly artless grain
silos.[36]\nModernist Ludwig Mies van der Rohe is associated with the
phrase "less is more".\n'], ['SARS-CoV-2 is closely related to the
original SARS-CoV.[100] It is thought to have an animal (zoonotic)
origin. Genetic analysis has revealed that the coronavirus genetically
clusters with the genus Betacoronavirus, in subgenus Sarbecovirus
(lineage B) together with two bat-derived strains. It is 96% identical
at the whole genome level to other bat coronavirus samples (BatCov
RaTG13).[101][102][103] The structural proteins of SARS-CoV-2 include
membrane glycoprotein (M), envelope protein (E), nucleocapsid protein
(N), and the spike protein (S). The M protein of SARS-CoV-2 is about
98% similar to the M protein of bat SARS-CoV, maintains around 98%
homology with pangolin SARS-CoV, and has 90% homology with the M
protein of SARS-CoV; whereas, the similarity is only around 38% with
the M protein of MERS-CoV.[104]\n'], ['The virus can cause acute
myocardial injury and chronic damage to the cardiovascular
system.[137][138] An acute cardiac injury was found in 12% of infected
people admitted to the hospital in Wuhan, China,[139] and is more
frequent in severe disease.[140] Rates of cardiovascular symptoms are
high, owing to the systemic inflammatory response and immune system
disorders during disease progression, but acute myocardial injuries
may also be related to ACE2 receptors in the heart.[138] ACE2
receptors are highly expressed in the heart and are involved in heart
function.[138][141]\n'], ['Following viral entry, COVID 19 infects the
ciliated epithelium of the nasopharynx and upper airways.[122]\n'],
["Hybrid Theory by the group was listed in the 2005 edition of the
book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die, It was also ranked at
#11 on Billboard's Hot 200 Albums of the Decade.[330] In addition the
album was included in Best of 2001 by Record Collector, The top 150
Albums of the Generation by Rock Sound and 50 Best Rock Albums of the
2000s by Kerrang!. The album Meteora was included in Top 200 Albums of
the Decade by Billboard at No. 36. The album sold 20 million copies
worldwide. The collaborative EP Collision Course with Jay-Z became the
second ever EP to top the Billboard 200, going on to sell over 300,000
copies in its first week after Alice in Chains' Jar of Flies in 1994.
The album Minutes to Midnight, in the United States, had the biggest
first week sales of 2007 at the time, with 625,000 albums sold.[331]
In Canada, the album sold over 50,000 copies in its first week and
debuted at number one on the Canadian Albums Chart. Worldwide, the
album shipped over 3.3 million copies in its first four weeks of
release.[332]\n"]]